From:	pkelley <pkelley727@knology.net>
Sent:	Thursday, December 7, 2006 7:54 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Re: please answer these Quest. for help with my assignment thank you

 
I am Winston Holmes just wondering if you recieved my E-mail.  I need two questions answered for my American Government class. One. How do you feel about Guns in school. Two. What actions are going to be taken to prevent them from being in the schools.  Thank you Winston Holmes

----- Original Message ----- 
From: Governor Jeb Bush 
To: pkelley 
Sent: Thursday, November 30, 2006 8:51 AM
Subject: RE: please answer these Quest. for help with my assignment thank you

We are unable to open your attachment.  Please send again using another format or fax to 850-487-0801.
 
Thank you.
 
 
 

-----Original Message-----
From: pkelley [mailto:pkelley727@knology.net]
Sent: Wednesday, November 29, 2006 7:12 PM
To: Governor Jeb Bush
Subject: please answer these Quest. for help with my assignment thank you


 


  _____  

Upgrade Your Email - Click here! 

From:	Roberts, Ernetta <roberts.ernetta@MAIL.DC.STATE.FL.US>
Sent:	Tuesday, December 5, 2006 12:07 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	FW: Earnest Wlimot Parole (continued)
Attachments:	RE: Earmest Wilmot Parole Record; FW: 28219 - Wilmot, Ernest; FW: 28219 - Wilmot, Ernest; FW: 28219 - Wilmot, Ernest

Returned for handling for handling; writer’s query is directed to EOG.  We’ve previously advised writer that all the information available to us was forwarded to her via Cardex 

 

Thanks, 

 

E.P. Roberts

Citizens’ Services Administrator 

  _____  

From: Governor Jeb Bush [mailto:Jeb.Bush@MyFlorida.com] 
Sent: Monday, November 27, 2006 2:25 PM
To: Roberts, Ernetta
Subject: FW: Earnest Wlimot Parole (continued)

 

 

-----Original Message-----
From: sgumpert@comcast.net [mailto:sgumpert@comcast.net]
Sent: Sunday, November 26, 2006 9:01 PM
To: Governor Jeb Bush
Subject: Earnest Wlimot Parole (continued)

Dear governor, 

 

Thank you for checking with Central Records (even though I had previously contacted them) for additional information on my Uncle Ermest Wilmot's parole.  See below as a refresher...this is the basic letter I used to obtain the Circuit Court Records, Prison Release record. 

 

 My great Uncle,  Ernest Wilmot was convicted of 1st degree murder on 11/18/1935 at 6th  Circuit Court in Pinellas County and sentenced to life (case 2282). He was sent Raiford-Florida State Prison on 12/8/1935. His wife Cathy is  still living but she did not know him until after he was released. She she was told that he had a store (?) in prison and that when he was released he had money (several nice suits) and that influential people  knew him and that they got him out and got him a job running the guest house of Jack Foley. She said that there were very important people 
flown in and entertained and that he took care of them. He was paroled 
on June 25, 1948. I am really interested in getting to the facts 
surrounding his release and where I can go to get more info on this 
business (including gambling) that Jack Foley had and the Guest House. 
These same people along with the governor got him a full pardon & nbsp;with complete civil rights restored on 6/10/1953. Can you please help 
me? I have worked so hard on this and it means alot to me. I have 
obtained the court files but have hit a dead end. He murdered Myra 
Hayysen in Sept 14 (?) in St Petersburg. I know that he lived in Perry 
and worked in Foley and he had a male parole officer that came to see 
him. I will pay for any fees involved. I will wait to hear from you! 
Any information that you can provide, I will be greatly appreciated! 

Thanks again!

 

Now this is my question.  Are you stating that the GovGovernor'sfice of Florida does not having any records of docdocumentationr who received full pardons with civil rights restored, clemency applications,  or any documents that the govgovernormself would have had to sign in 1953?  Where is the docdocumentationom the parole board when they met with him to give him parole in the ffrfirstace...remember he was sentenced to life in prison, so it is not as though he had served out his sentence.That does not make sense.  I have received all of the court records, 1 page from the Prison records, that both were from ears prior to any parole, is there some reason why they cannot be released?  I am sorry but they must be somewhere, thothosend of documents do not simple disappear.  Please I am begging you, can you please give this request more attention?  I don't mind doing the leg work, I have gotten this far, but I have no where else to turn, please reconsider.  Thank you so very much and a special thank you to Ernetta Roberts for her repreplybsp; Have a sage week and I will wait to hear from you!  

 

 Sara B Gumpert
 7515 Hidden Forest Drive

 Hudsonville, MI 49426 

 Cell (616) 477-4422
  sgumpert@comcast.net

From:	MDion331@aol.com
Sent:	Sunday, December 3, 2006 11:51 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Michelle Dion

Dear Mr. Jeb Bush, 
     

Hello, my name is Michelle Dion.  I am 15 years old and a student at Florida Virtual School.  I am taking American Government and we have been asked to write to one of our elected officials about our chosen political issue.  I am writing to you to get your opinion on an issue that many citizens have different point of views on.   

 

My issue is same-sex marriage.  Some feel that marriage is about love, not gender.  Others feel that marriage is meant to be between a man and a woman.  How do you feel about this issue?  Do you believe gay marriages should be legal in Florida?  There are many interest groups that support this issue.  Are you involved in any of these interest groups?

 

Thank you for taking your time to read this.  I appreciate it, and hope you can reply to this e-mail.  I look forward to hearing your opinion.   

 

Sincerely

Michelle Dion

From:	pkelley <pkelley727@knology.net>
Sent:	Sunday, December 3, 2006 11:51 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Re: 

 
I am working on a projest at school.  I need two people from your office to tell me how they feel about guns being in  our schools?  The other Question is What are we planning on doing about getting the situtation under control?  Thank you for your time...Winston E. Holmes

----- Original Message ----- 
From: Governor Jeb Bush 
To: pkelley 
Sent: Thursday, November 30, 2006 9:16 AM
Subject: RE: 

We are unable to open your attachment.  Please send again using another format or fax to 850-487-0801.
 
Thank you.
 
 

-----Original Message-----
From: pkelley [mailto:pkelley727@knology.net]
Sent: Wednesday, November 29, 2006 6:34 PM
To: Governor Jeb Bush
Subject: 


 


  _____  

Upgrade Your Email - Click here! 

From:	Nicholas <metroidnick@hotmail.com>
Sent:	Saturday, December 2, 2006 3:31 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	What do my elected officials think?

142 Waterview Circle

Auburndale, FL, 33823

December 02, 2006 

 

The Capitol
400 South Monroe Street
Tallahassee, FL 32399

 

 

Dear Governor Jeb Bush:

 

It brings me great honor to have the ability to contact you as my states Governor.  My name is Nicholas Paganella and I am a student in the Florida Virtual School, American Government Course under the teachings of Mr. Robert Wendt.  I am writing to you today to inform you about an assignment given to me by my teacher.  The purpose of this assignment is to gather as much information as possible about your opinions and actions concerning my political issue I have chosen to research.  The views and opinions I am to gather from this assignment are to help me, as a young American, to better understand where my political representatives stand on these issues.

 

 

The political issue I have chosen is Gun Control and Ownership among Americans in the United States.  I chose this issue because of its wide concerns on everyday Americans in their lives at work, in public, safety in homes, and even school campuses.  Also I feel the integrity of this issue is one that is not discussed of often in political arguments and sanctions.  In all do respect Mr. Governor, I wish to know how you feel on this issue in many ways.  Is the issue on Gun Control a major threat to Americans?  Do you feel we can do more to reduce school related gun fatalities?  Do you think the Democrats plan of initiating the Brady Bill has had a success?  Have you tried within your term to pass a law that would assist in owning a firearm?  Do you belong to any interest groups such as the National Rifle Association?  Can you explain to me why guns are so important after all and as Americans we are entitled or are allowed to have one?  These questions I have presented you with are ones I find are vital in understanding your stand on Gun Control and Ownership.

 

 

As an American, I hope by questioning my representatives, I will be able to understand how our country continues to prosper every year and has been for the past three-hundred years.  An issue that has remained in the Constitution since the beginning poses quandary for everyone in the world as a legitimate part of human safety.  I wish to thank you Mr. Governor for your time in reviewing my enigmas on Gun Control and Ownership.  Your respect for the younger Generation such as myself at age sixteen, gives me great pleasure to embrace you in my assignment.  

 

 

Sincerely,

Nicholas Paganella

 

 

 

 

 

From:	Christine Cole <lil_teany22@yahoo.com>
Sent:	Friday, December 1, 2006 1:56 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	School project!!!

715 East River Drive
Temple Terrace, FL, 33617
December 1,2006
 
Governor Jeb Busch 
400 South Monroe Street
Tallahassee, FL 32399
 
Dear Mr. Busch :
 
I am in my senior year of highschool as a home-schooled student. I am writing to you because in my government class we are ask to pick an important issue that is in debate today and do research on it. We were also asked to write to an elected representative and get there views on a issue that we hold as a valuable issue. 
 
My issue is about same-sex marriages. Should they be allowed to be married or is it just between man and women. I was wondering what your views were on this issue. Have you voted on any bill for or against this issue? How important do you think this issue is? Do you have a strong opinion about this issue? 
 
Thank you very much for your time and I hope to hear your views on this issue. 
 
Sincerely, 
Christine Cole 

  _____  

Everyone is raving about the all-new Yahoo! Mail beta.
From:	Brittany Dominguez <brittany_589@hotmail.com>
Sent:	Thursday, November 30, 2006 10:28 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	how do you feel?

How do you feel about Gay marriages?

From:	Roger Hootman <roger.hootman@uc-live.com>
Sent:	Thursday, November 23, 2006 3:33 PM
To:	vice_president@whitehouse.gov; Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Your Opinion On An Issue - A Question From A Student.

Hello,

 

 My name is Amanda Hootman, I am a high school senior at Cypress Lake High School in Fort Myers, Florida. For my online American Government class, I was asked to contact two government officials and ask them about their opinion on an issue (chosen for study, earlier in the class). You are one of the officials I have chosen to interview.

 

 My issue is Same-Sex Marriage. As you well know, this is an issue of some controversy at present. What are your opinions on Same-Sex Marriage? Should it be allowed? Should any form of civil union be allowed between same-sex partners? If so, should they have the same benefits of a male-female marriage? Should same-sex couples be allowed to adopt? What reasoning do you provide for your answers?

 

 Thank you very much for your time. I hope to hear from you soon.

 

Sincerely,

Amanda Hootman.

From:	David Lewis <gfthorse@earthlink.net>
Sent:	Thursday, November 16, 2006 1:21 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Insurance cost cut idea

Governor Bush
 
Here is something for you to check into.  All of us who are in the Florida retirement system get great Blue Cross benefits while we are employed.  After we retire we lose about 40-60% or more of our retirement checks to maintain the insurance like blue cross.  The FRS is great but I would like to see a FRHS (Florida Retirement Health System) or something like it put into place that would put the retirees into a group system like the active employees get. As you are aware group plans cost less per person than individual plans. It would help a lot of people that have worked for the state. I watched a man with 30 years with the Department of Corrections retire and his Blue Cross insurance went from $170 per month to over $900.  This means that he can't retire but will have to get another job after he retires just to make ends meet. The Department of Management services could fix this but they are to bottled up with People First problems to pay any attention to this problem.  Please look into this for us.  If a special insurance session is called maybe this can be addressed for action at the regular session.
 
Thanks
 
David 
From:	Debra Miles <dbr_miles@yahoo.com>
Sent:	Thursday, November 9, 2006 7:21 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Thank You So Much

Dearest Governor, A heartfelt thank you to all who helped me get my beauty salon license processed...I can now work and pay my bills and keep from losing my salon and my home...If you are ever in the Pensacola area..please stop by "The DOWNHOME Salon"..located at 127 West Intendencia Street...I will personally give all of those who helped, a shampoo and  haircut..to show my gratitude...Thank you everyone..especially Mary Alford and John McBride from the Department of Business and Professional Regulations...they were absolutely fantastic...it was so great to speak with someone who cared..God Bless you all..from my heart...with lots of love..Debra Miles

  _____  

Everyone is raving about the all-new Yahoo! Mail beta.
From:	Rebamerwin@aol.com
Sent:	Wednesday, November 8, 2006 9:54 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	School Project

Amanda Rose
rebamerwin@aol.com
 
 
 
Jeb Bush
jeb.bush@myflorida.com
 
 
 
Dear Mr. Bush,
 
 
 

My name is Amanda Rose. I am a senior in High School and currently taking my American Government class online. For this class, I am required to do a political issues project on a major political issue in the news. 
 
For my Project topic I chose Gay Marriage. Part of my assignment is to write to an elected official and ask them the following Questions:
 
7- How do you feel about Gay Marriage?
8- Do you have strong opinions about this particular issue?
9- How have you voted on bills that relate to gay marriage?
10- How important do you consider this issue?
11- Do you belong to Equality California, Gay & Lesbian Advocates and Defenders or the Family Research Institute?
12- What are your opinions on the above Interest Groups?
 

I would like to thank you for taking time out of your busy day to read my e-mail. I greatly appreciate it!
 
 
 
Sincerely,
 
Amanda Rose

From:	Minniemoosenicki@aol.com
Sent:	Saturday, November 4, 2006 4:55 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Governor Jeb Bush

                                                        November 4, 2006

Governor Jeb Bush,                                    


       My name is Nicole Thomas. I am a senior at West Nassau County High School in Callahan, Florida.  Currently I am doing an American Government class with FLVS.net. I am writing you because I have to find out what my elected officials think about the rights to own weapons issues.

       The issue that I am doing is the rights to own weapons. I would like to ask you some questions about this issue.  Do you have strong opinions on the rights to own weapons? If so, what are they?  Have you voted on bills that relate to this issue? If so, what are they?
How important do you consider the rights to own weapons? Do you belong in any interest groups like the NRA, NARP, etc.? If so, what are the names of these interest groups?
What is your opinion on these interest groups like the NRA, NARP, etc.? 

       I appreciate you taking your time to read this email and answering these questions. I really appreaciate it.


                                                Thank-You,
                                                       Nicole Thomas 


From:	Kris10m89 <Kris10m89@cox.net>
Sent:	Wednesday, October 25, 2006 5:44 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Current Issues

Dear Governor Bush,

My name is Kristen Carlstrom and I attend Choctawhatchee High School in Ft. Walton Beach, Fl. I am a Senior at my school and I take an online class for American Government. One of my assignments delegated my choosing of a current issue to research. Further assignments to do with my chosen issue include researching interest groups dealing with it and my reasons for emailing you. This assignment asks me to find out the opinions of elected officials. 

The issue I have chosen to research is Gay Marriage. What are some of your opinions and feelings on this issue? I feel that homosexuals should have a right to be married if they so chose. How important do you find this issue? I find this issue to be important because of the population of America that is gay. America is supposed to represent freedom for all of her citizens, not only the ones we chose and deem “right.” Some of the Interest Groups I researched include “Focus on the Family,” “Civil Rights for Sexual Diversities,” and “Horizons.” Have you ever heard of any of these Interest Groups? If you have. How do you feel about what they represent? Have you ever voted on any laws to do with my issue?

Thank you for reading my email and thank you for taking time out of your schedule to do so. I would be very grateful to receive a response from you about my issue. Thank you for your time.

Sincerely,

Kristen Carlstrom

Kris10m89@cox.net

From:	Sita Tommasin <sitatommasin@yahoo.com>
Sent:	Monday, October 30, 2006 10:49 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Very important!

Dear Mr. Jeb Bush, 
I am sorry to disturb you in any way; I was just wondering if you had a few minutes to answer some questions for me. It’s a school assignment and one of the persons I chose to interview, was you. I’m researching on the issue of same-sex marriage, I have some questions for you and I’m hoping you can kindly answer. 
Do you have strong opinion on this subject matter? How have you voted on the bills that related same-sex marriage? How important do you consider this issue to be? Do you belong to an interest group? If yes which one? What is your opinion on the Democrats and the Republican Parties? 
That’s all the questions I have and I want to thank you for taking your time to read this and I will hopefully receive a reply soon. Thank you very much!
 
Sita T.
 



-Love Sita 

  _____  

Low, Low, Low Rates! Check out Yahoo! Messenger's cheap PC-to-Phone call rates. 
From:	Kathryn Phillips <mypaperheart293@gmail.com>
Sent:	Wednesday, October 25, 2006 3:53 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Same-Sex Marriage

403 Palmola St.

Lakeland, FL 33803

October 22, 2006

  

 
John E. "Jeb" Bush

PL 05 The Capitol, 400 S. Monroe St.

Tallahassee , FL 32399

 
 

 

Dear Sir,

 

I am a tenth-grade student attending Harrison Arts Center at Lakeland High school in Lakeland, Florida. Through Florida Virtual School, I am taking online classes as well, including American Government Honors. For this class, I am required to complete a project on a current political issue, and one part of this project is to learn about the views of a government official on my issue. 

 

 

Anyway, I chose to research same-sex marriage, as this issue has been appearing in the news on a regular basis these days.   I know that you are affiliated with the Republican Party, so I was wondering if your opinion on same-sex marriage is the same as that of your party. Also, how opinionated do you consider yourself to be? How important is this issue to you personally?   Have you ever had to vote regarding same-sex marriage? If so, how did you vote?  

 

 

Thank you for giving you opinion and for your time. 

 

 

Sincerely,

 

Kathryn Phillips

From:	frank vallone <taraspurple@yahoo.com>
Sent:	Tuesday, October 24, 2006 7:26 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	problems with health insurance

Dear Mr.Bush,
 
I have moved to Cape Coral Florida in Sept/06 and I was diagnosed with breast cancer in March/06. I was on medicaid in New York and treated for breast cancer. So now that I live in Florida, I cannot purchase health insurance or even get medicaid. I would like to know what options I have for trying to get health insurance in Florida. My assets for medicaid are to high and I had applied to Golden Rule insurance and was denied for Golden Rule had advised me that medicaid is not crediable coverage. So it doesnot cover under the Hipaa act. The problem is that breast cancer is a preexisting
condition and the health insurance will not cover for 5 years. You must be cancer free.
I am really upset about this and I just want to get some kind of insurance. 
Please email me or have someone call me with a option 516-383-4135.
 
Thank you
Clare

  _____  

Do you Yahoo!?
Get on board. You're invited to try the new Yahoo! Mail.
From:	Fsufan12188@aol.com
Sent:	Sunday, October 22, 2006 9:49 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	American Government Question

Dear Governor Bush,

 

            My name is Scott Simonini and I am a senior at West Orange High School in Winter Garden, FL.  I am taking the American Government class and one of my assignments is to contact my elected officials about my selected issue of gun control.  I hope that you would be able to answer some questions on this issue. 

 

            As stated above my issue is gun control.  Do you have an opinion on this issue? Have you voted on any bills related to this issue, and how did you vote?  How important do you consider this issue?  Do you belong to any interest group like the NRA or PETA?  What is your opinion of these groups? 

 

            Thank you for taking the time to answer these questions. Since I have just turned 18 and can now vote, it matters to me what my elected officials think on the issues that are important to me.  I look forward to your response. 

 

Sincerely,

Scott Simonini

American Government Class

West Orange High School Class of 2007

From:	LUNEITOON@aol.com
Sent:	Sunday, October 22, 2006 5:19 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	(no subject)

Dear Governor Bush, 

     My name is Lune Domond. I am a student of the government honors class of Florida Virtual School. For one of my assignments I was asked to find out what you think about the gender issue. I am writing to you because I figured you would know best about the equality between men and women. 

     I have several questions to ask you; Do you have stong opinions about the gender issue? Have there been bills related to this issue? How important do you conisder the gender issue? My last question is do you belong to any interest groups? If so, which one, and what is your opinion of these interest groups?

     I would like to thank you for taking your time to read my letter. I hope it is of great interest to you. If you cannot answer some of these questions please feel free to send me anything related to my issue so that I may further my knowledge. 

                                                                                 Sincerly,

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         Lune Domond 

                                                                                  

From:	kwqtpie13@aim.com
Sent:	Saturday, October 21, 2006 8:17 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush; Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Very Important and Urgant Question

  
Governer Bush, 
I'm sorry this e-mail is so concise. 
I have an English Project concerning the affordable housing crisis in Miami, Florida. I was wondering if you could tell me what is being done to correct the affordabe housing crisis in Miami, Florida. 
Thank you for your time. 
P.S. 
I would appreciate it if you could get back to me A.S.A.P., considering my research for the project is due on 10/25/06. 
  _____  

Check Out the new free AIM(R) Mail -- 2 GB of storage and industry-leading spam and email virus protection.

From:	Kim Warren <kaw32091@hotmail.com>
Sent:	Saturday, October 21, 2006 8:16 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Cc:	kaw32091@hotmail.com
Subject:	Questions for my class

Jessica A. Warren

1033 Meadows Dr.

Starke, FL  32091

October 21, 2006

 

 

Jeb Bush

400 South Monroe St.

Tallahassee, FL  32399-0001

 

 

Dear Mr. Governor,

            My name is Jessica Warren and I am enrolled in an online American Government class.  We are working on political issue projects.  The issue I am studying is gun control and ownership.  I am writing you to find out your views on this issue.  

            I have a few questions for you about gun control and ownership.  First, I would like to know if you have any strong opinions about this issue.  Have you voted on any bills concerning gun control and or ownership?  How important do you consider this issue?  Also, do you belong to any interest groups such as Gun Owners of America, or National Rifle Association Political Victory Fund?  What are your opinions on these interest groups?

            Thank you for taking the time to read and answer these questions about gun control and ownership.  Your time will help me get a better understanding of this issue. 

Sincerely,

Jessica Warren


  _____  

Try the new Live Search today! 
From:	shaydav1@cox.net
Sent:	Wednesday, October 18, 2006 4:33 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	[*] TORTURE OF A 14 YEAR-OLD BOY

Dear Governor Jeb Bush,
 
I have squashed my plans to travel to "the happiest place on 
earth" this winter, to spend thousands of my hard-earned, 
hard-taxed dollars.
 
The sunshine state, using trained officers, has tortured 
and executed a fourteen year old joy-rider
by the name of Martin Lee Anderson
at a correctional boot camp in 2005.
 
Your inaction speaks to aquiesence.
 
Bring the killers to justice. End the reputation of your state 
as the most barbaric place on earth.
 
Set an example for the world, that decency and justice still 
exist in America, please.
 
Sincerely,

From:	Krysten Zeisig <k.r.zeisig2173@hotmail.com>
Sent:	Tuesday, October 17, 2006 9:35 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Question for my online class.

My name is Krysten Zeisig and I am taking an American Government online 
taught by Mrs. Marie Mitchell on FLVS.net. My current assignment is to ask 
two elected officals what their opion is on a politcal issue that I have 
been researching.

My issue I have been reseaching is gun control. The question I would like 
you to comment on or answer are do you think the gun control laws are too 
strick, or not stricked enough, have you voted on any bills concerning this 
issue, how important do you think this issue is, do you belong to any 
interest groups concerning this issue, and what is your opion about this 
interest groups?

Thank you for your time and I am looking forward to hear from you soon. I 
would greatly apricate your reply as soon as possible.

Sincerly,
Krysten Zeisig

_________________________________________________________________
Get today's hot entertainment gossip  
http://movies.msn.com/movies/hotgossip?icid=T002MSN03A07001

From:	Hjacobs475@aol.com
Sent:	Monday, October 16, 2006 5:24 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush; danille.carroll@dbpr.state.fl.us
Subject:	Fwd: Bonovida Codo. 20100 W. Country Club drive, Aventura, FL 33180
Attachments:	RE: Bonovida Codo. 20100 W. Country Club drive, Aventura, FL 33180

..and of course, Ms. Jennings claims she was more than helpful.  With all this run a round, i understand now why people said to me I would get no where asking the Govt for help.
 











This email as well as any files transmitted with it, is confidential and/or privileged information. It is intended for the sole use of the individual or entity to whom it is addressed and others authorized to receive it. If you are not the intended recipient please notify the sender immediately. Any un-authorized disclosure, copying, distribution or taking any action in reliance of the contents is strictly prohibited and may be unlawful. I am not liable for the improper and incomplete transmission of the content in this communication, any delay in its receipt or any virus that may have been attached by a third party.
From:	Hjacobs475@aol.com
Sent:	Monday, October 16, 2006 5:21 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush; danille.carroll@dbpr.state.fl.us
Subject:	Fwd: Bonovida Codo. 20100 W. Country Club drive, Aventura, FL 33180
Attachments:	RE: Bonovida Codo. 20100 W. Country Club drive, Aventura, FL 33180

And I thought this was the person that was going to help, but she cannot get involved???
 
I just don't know what to day, except that i feel let down by those i thought could and should be able to help.
 











This email as well as any files transmitted with it, is confidential and/or privileged information. It is intended for the sole use of the individual or entity to whom it is addressed and others authorized to receive it. If you are not the intended recipient please notify the sender immediately. Any un-authorized disclosure, copying, distribution or taking any action in reliance of the contents is strictly prohibited and may be unlawful. I am not liable for the improper and incomplete transmission of the content in this communication, any delay in its receipt or any virus that may have been attached by a third party.
From:	Hjacobs475@aol.com
Sent:	Monday, October 16, 2006 3:37 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush; danille.carroll@dbpr.state.fl.us
Subject:	Fwd: Bonovida Codo. 20100 W. Country Club drive, Aventura, FL 33180
Attachments:	Bonovida Codo. 21000 W. Country Club drive, Aventura, FL 33432

Hon. Gov. Bush:
 
There was a hearing, via phone conference/speaker phone this morning and the result was, no result.
 
The arbitrator listen to the current boards atty- hired of course with the residents money, who alleges, now, at this late date, that 10 signatures were not correct, no proof, but alleges.
 
He knew this all along, so did the boards previous atty, from the same firm, who gave the case to this atty.
 
It seems the board had months to validate their claims of incorrect signatures, but at this mornings meeting, where a decision was to be handed down, the arbitrator allowed more delay to give time to the boards atty to prove his allegation.
 
How disheartening a day it was today for so many who hoped the system would work for them.
 
Something is definitely askew here, the system doesn't work for those who need it to.
 
Any thing you can do?
 
Thank you,
Harold Jacobs
 











This email as well as any files transmitted with it, is confidential and/or privileged information. It is intended for the sole use of the individual or entity to whom it is addressed and others authorized to receive it. If you are not the intended recipient please notify the sender immediately. Any un-authorized disclosure, copying, distribution or taking any action in reliance of the contents is strictly prohibited and may be unlawful. I am not liable for the improper and incomplete transmission of the content in this communication, any delay in its receipt or any virus that may have been attached by a third party.
From:	RockinIrishChick@aol.com
Sent:	Saturday, October 14, 2006 3:25 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	[*] My name is Mackenzie and I have a question.

Dear Mr. Bush,

     My name is Mackenzie Millington; I am a senior at Wellington High School. I am currently in the process of completing my online Government class; a recent assignment requires me to contact two elected officials and ask them their views on a political issue that we have chosen to research. The issue that I am researching is gay marriage. 

     My question is, what do you think about this issue? Do you share the same views as the president as well as many other Republicans? How do you feel about Massachusetts legalizing gay marriage? If you had another term as Governor what would you do about gay marriage and gay rights issues in Florida? I am very interested in hearing your views on this issue.

     I appreciate you taking time out of your undoubtedly busy schedule to assist me in my assignment. I know you have a lot on your mind and for you to allow the people of Florida to contact you this way is great. Again, I thank you so much for your time and attention.

Yours Truly,

~Mackenzie Millington~
From:	Hendricks, Krystal <Krystal.Hendricks@fldoe.org>
Sent:	Friday, October 13, 2006 3:46 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	RE: Governor Jeb Bush's IN THE NEWS... Friday, September 29, 2006

This should go to the dept of insurance

 

Krystal H. Hendricks

Correspondence Coordinator

Office of Public Affairs

850-245-9646

 
Please take a few minutes to provide feedback on the quality of service you received. The Department of Education values your feedback as a customer. Commissioner John L. Winn is committed to continuously assessing and improving the level and quality of services provided to you by Department staff. Simply click on this link to the "DOE Customer Survey".  Thank you in advance for completing the survey. 
 
DOE Customer Survey 
 
 
  _____  


From: Governor Jeb Bush [mailto:Jeb.Bush@MyFlorida.com] 
Sent: Monday, October 02, 2006 4:04 PM
To: Commissioner
Subject: FW: Governor Jeb Bush's IN THE NEWS... Friday, September 29, 2006

 

 

-----Original Message-----
From: WexfordDaySchool@aol.com [mailto:WexfordDaySchool@aol.com]
Sent: Monday, October 02, 2006 11:13 AM
To: Governor Jeb Bush
Subject: Re: Governor Jeb Bush's IN THE NEWS... Friday, September 29, 2006

Dear Governor Jeb Bush:

 

Thank you so much for sending me all the information on all the interesting things that are being done to promote family and education.

 

I am a 41 year old Cuban American child of immigrants that came to this country in 1969.  I became a teacher in this country and then I married and a great opportunity to fulfill the all American Dream!!

 

However,  I must tell you as a widow and preschool owner, there is much that needs to be done at my level.  My name is Ivonne Garcia, a 41 year old mother of a 15 year old daughter.  I became a widow at 38 when my husband died of pancreatic cancer.  Here is what I had to deal with so that you can better understand what happens at our level.

 

At thirty eight we no longer had health insurance, so we grabbed on to the hippa guaranteed issue.  My daughter and I pay almost $700.00 a month for this health insurance and it gets harder and harder to afford.  

 

I try making ends meet at the school by flipping backwards for my teachers.  They get their 40 hours paid come rain or shine or hurricane.  They are wonderful.  I feel very blessed that my teachers have been with me since 1999 when we purchased the school.  How, I don't know because the one that makes the most makes $10.00 an hour and the rest of the main teachers make $9.00 an hour.  I buy them breakfast, lunch, almost everyday.  As you can see I do all that I can.  This does not even count the times they have to leave with sick children to attend to and I don't take this time away from their paycheck.

 

I cannot even afford to pay for health insurance for them.  The issue with health insurance is really a devastating one.  Can you believe, the wealthiest nation in the world cannot provide a decent health care for it citizens.  We are however speding trillions outside our nation, but who takes care of pressing issues, like our preschool teachers.  Preschool teachers take care of our most precious gifts, our children.  However, who takes care of us?  Who takes care of the number of preschool owners and their teachers.  We can't get help because we are a sol called "for profit center", I laugh and say I guess you don't know how much money I have in my business bank account.  It should say, non profit.

 

I survive because I barter with parents, roofers, ac man, etc.  However, I should be able to provide better benefits to my teachers and reward them with better salaries.  Most people don't even want to be in this business because it does not pay. This is where quality people don't come to work for preschools because it does not pay.  Who wants to work for $7 or $8.00 an hour, or better yet who can?

 

Our little school is an accredited school. We are accredited by A.P.P.L.E. and we have the VPK program.  However, we could not do VPK in the summer because the rules are that only elementary school teachers can teach VPK in the summer.  How is that possible.  During the year, we have regular CDA teahcers teaching this class.  Certified Elementary School Teachers want about $15.00 an hour for this.  I cannot afford it!  Many owners are in the same boat!  Again, taking care of our teachers, is fine, but who takes care of the children in preschools is important as well.  

 

These are the primary care givers of our children.  Most of them have their CDA's they want to get ahead, but how can they.  I pay most of their training and Family Central helps out with grants, however, we don't always get them.

 

Mr, Bush, Families are important, but it starts with taking care of those who take care of others.  There are no programs for little business owners like myself to help out our teachers.  I can't pay them what they need to be paid, nor can I give them health insurance because I can barely afford my own.  It hurts to know that I will be loosing my teachers to another profession when they love what they do so much.  It really does take a special person to work with children.  Not everyone can do it!  And when we say we are preschool teachers, people look down at us, and make us feel like oh, you wipe noses all day long and clean diapers! Oh yea, nice job!

 

So at our level, do you have any suggestions on what I or many other preschool owners can do to retain our teachers.  The State of Florida should help business owners that like myself go beyond and above the call of duty.  I am not a corporation paying people peanuts and just enrolling children like many corporate schools do.  We are not about numbers, we are about quality.  But quality is expensive, its hard, and it does not help me at all when I sit and pay bills.

 

We need health insurance that is affordable, we need to have funds to pay more to our preschool teachers.  Education starts at my level.  I believe I should be rewarded for keeping my teachers as long as I have.  If you know anything about preschools you know teachers come and go.  WE NEED HELP  GOVERNOR, PLEASE DO SOMETHING.

 

Respectfully Submitted and God Bless,

 

 

 

Ivonne Garcia

Wexford Day School

1800 Cathedral Drive

 Margate, Florida 33071

 

 
From:	Richard Prokop <r.prokop@hotmail.com>
Sent:	Wednesday, October 11, 2006 4:40 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	American Government Class Assignment

Dear Mr. Bush

My name is Richard Prokop.

	I’m writing you today for an assignment assigned to me in my American 
Government class. I would like to know where you stand on my political 
issue, and I would also like to learn a little more about it.

	My political issue is Gun Control/Ownership. I would like to know how you 
feel about this issue. And why it is you feel that way? Do you believe this 
is an important issue today? Are you part of any interest groups? For 
example the “Brady Campaign to Prevent Gun Violence”, “Gun Owners of 
America”, etc… How do you feel about these interest groups? Have you voted 
on any bills that are related to gun control or ownership? How did you vote?

	I would like to thank you for taking the time to answer my questions. I 
know you must be really busy, but I appreciate your opinions and help.

Thank you and have a nice day.

_________________________________________________________________
Be seen and heard with Windows Live Messenger and Microsoft LifeCams 
http://clk.atdmt.com/MSN/go/msnnkwme0020000001msn/direct/01/?href=http://www.microsoft.com/hardware/digitalcommunication/default.mspx?locale=en-us&source=hmtagline

From:	Lil Yama <quiksta1_jy@hotmail.com>
Sent:	Tuesday, October 10, 2006 9:48 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush

Dear Mr. Jeb Bush,
	Hello sir, I am a student that currently is enrolled within the American 
Government course in this online school.  The reason that I write you is to 
just ask a few simple questions on the issue that I have chosen to do for 
the class.  The issue that I have decided to look into is the gun control 
issue that I am fairly unsure about. All of the tests in classes: Psychology 
and Sociology, Intro to Social Sciences, and World History have proven that 
I am by the by, perfectly moderate. I feel that the gun control issue has 
placed the power in the wrong people’s hands. For example, without 
background checks and with the police having to deal with Teflon bullets, 
Ak-47’s and such, it is more and more increasingly dangerous for the 
citizens of this state to partake in daily life without the premonition to 
want a sidearm.  With many illegal guns on the streets, that stricter gun 
control laws do not effect one that wishes to get a gun. So sir, through 
writing this letter I hope that you, my elected official, will be able to 
answer some questions for me.
	As explained before the issue that I am writing to you about is the issue 
of gun control.  There are a few questions that I have directly for you sir. 
  This questions are what do you think on the issue?  Do you have any strong 
opinions on the issue?  How important is this issue to the well being of the 
American people?  Also, do you belong to any interest groups, and if so what 
is the opinion of these interest groups?  I feel that these are a few short 
simple questions that will help my understanding of this complex issue.  
Through the answering of these questions I will be able to not be ignorant 
on this issue and will have been able to say that I have asked my elected 
official, and he did answer back to me.
	I would just like to thank you sir for giving me, a simple high school 
student, your time.  I know your time is very important and the fact that 
you are able to answer my e-mail is a great honor to me and shows the true 
commitment you have to students.  I will not forget this act of kindness, 
thank you sir.


Sincerely,



Justin Yamashita


From:	Amanda Walker <princessanybody@yahoo.com>
Sent:	Wednesday, October 4, 2006 4:48 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush; gwen.brown@co.manatee.fl.us
Subject:	Gun Control and Possession

                                                                                                      10/ 4/ 06
 
            My name is Amanda Walker, and I would like to address a certain issue I have been researching.  The issue I am bringing up is Gun Control and Possession, which to me is a very important issue that needs to be address more throughout our community and the United States.  There are so problems with people being mugged and no way to protect them selves, if they were to have own and know how to properly use it, we could help prevent the injury and perhaps death of an innocent person.
            The issue of gun control and possession is so important in the world and our country.  Why does it seem to just be pushed into the back of line when it comes to rights we feel the need to address?  Why is it that out of all the issues going on today, this one, which is so commonly challenged, gets the least attention?  Who do you feel should be aloud to carry guns?  Many questions come with the issue of gun control and possession, it is about time we address them.
            Thank you so much for the time you took to read my thoughts on this issue.  I hope you will be able to properly address what I feel should be.
                                                                                                            Thank you,
                                                                                                            Amanda
                                                                                                               Walker
 

  _____  

Yahoo! Messenger with Voice. Make PC-to-Phone Calls to the US (and 30+ countries) for 2¢/min or less.
From:	Surfette72@aol.com
Sent:	Wednesday, October 4, 2006 9:57 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	mail

Governor Bush,
     If I mail you a hardcopy letter, of a grievance I have over a hardship license the DMV will not honor, what are the chances of you actually, personally, reading it? Also, I can't fit it all in a regular envelope because it contains transcripts from colleges and other letters, is it okay to use a manilla envelope?
 
                                                  Thank you,
                                                                  John Berndt
From:	Carlos <carlosl@financemortgageofamerica.com>
Sent:	Wednesday, October 4, 2006 11:15 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	UNDER AGE DRIKING

Dear Mr. bush    
 
 
Aim writing to you as a concerned father of three children ranging in age from 7 years old to 15,the law in Florida right now for parents who serve alcohol to underage children is 60 days in jail.This is not enough kids are dying because parents are not taking responsibility for their action.Please make parents responsible if underage children drink at a party in their house and then go out and drive and kill themselves or other innocent people.
 
 
Please try to help all of us, your a good man and a good governor we as parents need your help.
From:	CDP33160@aol.com
Sent:	Tuesday, October 3, 2006 10:05 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	[*] REF: TELEPHONE APPOINTMENT

To The Offices of Governor Jeb Bush, Tallahassee, FL
 
On 9/15/06 I sent this message:
 
  
To the Honorable Jeb Bush GOVERNOR of FL
 
Please help me out with this is you can.  I am an old Acquaintance of your Father.
 
Thank you.
 
Danny Pollock
 
The above Message had an attachment.
 
It was never answered nor was it ever addressed.
 
I want to know why?
 
Further, I want to schedule a telephone conversation with the Governor.  My situation is URGENT and I am not getting any responses from the State Government Offices like the Dade County Board of Health, namely Mr. Gary Miller.  I have been abused and ignored.  My next stop if I do not hear from your offices within 2 working days will be Mr. Thomas Fiedler at the MIAMI HERALD.  After that it will be CBS, NBC, ABC, and FOX Networks.
 
The writer urges you to give this matter your most immediate attention and remains,
Cordially,
 
Danny Pollock
2720 NE 183rd Street
Th#23
Aventura, FL 33160
Tel 305 932-8767
Fax 305 932-4462
From:	Gorrilazgurl@aol.com
Sent:	Tuesday, October 3, 2006 9:52 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	My School Assignment involves a letter to you--From Sarah Dirst of flvs.net, FL

18804 Matanzas Rd. 
Fort Myers, FL, 33912
October 3, 2006
 
 
 
Jeb. Bush
The Capitol
400 S. Monroe St.
Tallahassee, FL 32399-0081
 
 
 
Dear Mr. Jeb Bush,
 
My name is Sarah Dirst and I am a resident of Fort Myers, Florida. I go to school online at FLVS.net, and one of our assignment is to write two of our elected officials and ask their opinions on our chosen current issue, and I chose you as one of them. 
 
The current issue I have chosen to do my project on is Same-Sex Marriage, and whether or not it should be legalized. I was wondering what your opinion was on this subject. Should Same-Sex Marriage be legalized? If no, why not? Do you belong to any interest groups on the Same-Sex Marriage Issues? If so, which ones? If not, what do you think about these types of interest groups? Previously when voting, how did you vote on bills relating to Same-Sex Marriage? Do you consider this issue important or pitiless? 
 
I would truly like to thank you for your time as I know you are a very busy man. Thank you especially for taking the time to read my letter.  It would be greatly appreciated if I receive a response from you, however long it may take.  
 
Sincerely,
 
Sarah Dirst
From:	jessiemaustin@aim.com
Sent:	Monday, October 2, 2006 6:36 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush

  
Dear Governor Bush:
 
Hello, my name is Elizabeth Noble and I live in Spring Hill, Florida. I know you’re a very busy person so let me just say I’m very thankful that you’re taking the time to read this letter I’ve written to you. I’m writing to you because my American Government class has been working on a project where we had to pick a political issue and do the research on the issue. Then we had to send an email to the person of our choice in the elected officials’ field and you were one of the people I choose to talk to on the topic I picked to do the research on.
 
 
I’ve seen lately that the biggest thing going on right now is the topic of gay marriages which is why I picked that as my topic. I hear how some people are for same-sex marriages because they feel as long as the person is happy then the sex of the person shouldn’t matter. On the other hand some people disagree with that and feel that marriages should go by the bible which is that only a male and a female can get married. I was curious on where you stand on this issue? Also what kinds of actions are being done on this issue? Like are new bills being passed or laws to make the same-sex marriages banned or are people going to be allowed to get married to the same-sex if they decided to go that way? Another question I have is the same-sex marriages is that a big topic being dealt with or are other things going on more important? If more important topics going on then where do the same-sex marriages rank in importance? 
 
 
Once again, I would like to take the time to say thank you very much for taking the time to look over this letter. I’m sure you don’t have much time to write back to everyone so I’m glad that you at least had the opportunity to read this letter and if you happen to find some free time I would love a reply back on your answers. Have a great day.
 
 
Sincerely,
 
Elizabeth Noble
  _____  

Check Out the new free AIM(R) Mail -- 2 GB of storage and industry-leading spam and email virus protection.

