From:	Jawharlal@aol.com
Sent:	Thursday, December 28, 2006 8:44 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Your Future as President
Attachments:	GovBush1.jpg; PrezBush1.jpg

My Dear Friend Governor Bush:
 
                                          PLEASE LOOK AT THE THE PHOTOS!!! 
 
First of all, I would like to congratulate you on your years as Governor of the State Of Florida.  I lived in Florida for most of your administration.  My only regret about your tenure is that it didn't begin with a 1994 victory rather than 1998.  I first saw you, your mother and President Bush at a rally at Church Street Station in the 1994 fall campaign.  I knew then you were destined for greatness.  I still believe that there are new horizons that await you.
      
I now live in Georgia.  But, I sincerely believe that one day you will become President of the United States.  The current political climate may not favor your candidacy, but I am certain that the Republican Party will someday turn to you to right its course.  Having experienced your governance firsthand, I recognize that you
have more of a moderate bent just like your Dad.
 
I believe in you and I believe it is your destiny to lead this country.  I want you to remember me, when you approach that day of decision.  I want to play a role in that campaign.  I'm not asking for a high profile.  But, maybe I can be instrumental in courting the African American vote.  I've never been involved in an election campaign before and up until I met you and your father, I had never considered voting Republican.  However, I discovered a warmth and a genuine sincerity inherent in both of you that remains unsurpassed in any other elected official I've ever encountered.  I felt like both of you were my friends.  Meeting both of you changed my perspective on politicians and changed my life.  I'd like to return the favor.
 
I hope you will keep some record of this communique'.  I will reiterate my email address and list both my cell and home at the close of this letter.
 
I wrote your brother at the height of the "Katrina backlash".  My letter came on the heels of Kanye West's
remarks.  I made it clear to him that I had met both his brother and his father and that I was certain that he couldn't be one iota different than you in his attitude toward minorities.  I will tell anyone - anywhere that the Bush family does not harbor any racism against any ethnicity.  I hope that my letter provided some assurance to the President that not all people of color share Mr. West's point of view.
 
Please give my best to your entire family.  I will continue to pray for the best for all of you.
 
 
                                                                                                 Your friend and brother,
                                      
                                                                                                 Rev. Dr. K. Nehru Thomas    
                                                                                                 4777 Ardmore Lane
                                                                                                 Hoschton, GA   30548
                                                                                                  jawharlal@aol.com
                                                                                                 (c) 770/335-1933
                                                                                                 (h) 678/4252592
From:	jadieangel@aol.com
Sent:	Thursday, December 28, 2006 4:30 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush

 Hello Mr. Bush,
 
      My name is Jade Timpano, and I chose you to do a report on in my government class. I was
curious as to what your financial contributions and endorsements were, since I could not seem to
find any on the I. I would really appreciate it if you took the time to please write me back.
 
 
                                                                                   Good luck in the future,
                                                                                               Jade Timpano
 
  _____  

Check out the new AOL. Most comprehensive set of free safety and security tools, free access to millions of high-quality videos from across the web, free AOL Mail and more.

From:	rnbt@charter.net
Sent:	Thursday, December 28, 2006 1:53 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	From a supporter

I think you should run for president in 2008.  I think President George W. Bush is doing a great job. I want to vote for someone who will keep up the good work that our President is doing now. I think you would be perfect. We would all vote for you.

Thank You,
Barbara Tucker
Spring, Texas
From:	hfredda@aol.com
Sent:	Saturday, December 23, 2006 5:50 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Cc:	president@whitehouse.gov
Subject:	RE: James Bush, 44th U S President 

GOVERNOR BUSH:
 
Once again, I ask that you run for President in 2007.  I believe that you would be an outstanding President. Don't let the cry "No More Bushes" intimidate or discourage you. The talk of 2 families (Bush/Clinton) in the White House for decades is short-sighted and insignificant. I can assure you there aren't many people who want Hillary as President and Bill as "The First Man."  The thought of a Caucasian female as President and a black male as Vice-President is fleeting!  A Clinton/Edwards or Edwards/Clinton ticket?  Perhaps!
 
 
You have been an outstanding Governor and managed one of the toughest states in the Union.  
 
 
Once people get to know you, they will see your leadership, integrity, and wisdom.
 
JAMES (JEB) BUSH, the 43RD PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES!
 
 
Fredda Hamilton
HFredda@aol.com
"Arnold For Governor" Democrat and campaign volunteer, 2003 and 2006
"California Propositions" campaign volunteer, 2005
"Bush-Cheney '04" Democrat and campaign volunteer
Annual volunteer with the Marines' "Toys For Tots" Campaign, 1990s and 2000s
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
cc: Ken Mehlman, Outgoing RNC Chair
  _____  

Check out the new AOL. Most comprehensive set of free safety and security tools, free access to millions of high-quality videos from across the web, free AOL Mail and more.

From:	scott barker <sam4_2@yahoo.com>
Sent:	Friday, December 22, 2006 11:01 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Run, Jeb, Run

Dear Governor Bush:

I think you should give it a shot in '08. What the
heck? You're a different person than your brother. 
Plus, don't abandon us to Hillary and her minions on
the left.

What else are you going to do?  Your country needs
you.

Sincerely,

Scott Barker

__________________________________________________
Do You Yahoo!?
Tired of spam?  Yahoo! Mail has the best spam protection around 
http://mail.yahoo.com 
From:	Lizlydick@aol.com
Sent:	Thursday, December 21, 2006 2:37 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	"No Future" Comment

Governor Bush,
 
I have to say that I think your brother is the absolute worst president our country has ever had next to Lyndon Johnson.  Having said that, I have to say just as forcefully that I think you are the best Governor our State has ever had.  You handled our hurricanes with efficiency and you were on the job 100% of the time.  I know you don't want to hear anyone say anything negative about your brother, but you are not your brother.
 
I would vote for you in a heartbeat if you ran for President.  I feel that I would once again be proud to be an American... I can't say that now.  I am proud to be a Floridian -- run for President, Governor Bush, and show the world that you are the Bush your brother should have been.  You are the one man who can clean up the mess... just like you cleaned up after the hurricanes.
 
Don't give up on us.
 
Merry Christmas,
 
Liz Lydick, Exclusive On-Site Realtor
Sundial Real Estate Office
1451 Middle Gulf Drive
Sanibel Island, Florida 33957
Preferred Affiliated Company 
of Luxury Resorts (LXR Group)
Direct: 239-823-3721
Office: 239-395-1600
Fax Office - 239-395-1339
Fax Home - 239-939-5609


From:	Thomas S Gordon <tomsgordon@prodigy.net>
Sent:	Thursday, December 21, 2006 10:24 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Your future as reported by Reuters

Dear Governor Bush:

 

            Please forgive the lack of a more formal letter.  I just felt a sense of urgency about communicating with you with respect to a Reuters story that I read this morning.  It quotes you as saying that you have no future.  I strongly disagree with what you were reported to say.

 

I worked the polls for your father in the Pennsylvania primary in 1980.  I voted for your father for President and Vice President 8 times.  I voted for your brother for President 4 times.  I have not always agreed with everything either man has done but I believe that is only because I try to be honest with myself always. In other words, I don’t consider myself to be blindly loyal.

 

 I had the great pleasure of meeting your father briefly in private in 1996.  I am an ordinary citizen but I am proud to say that I have shaken his hand three times, once when he was President.  I also had my picture taken with the President earlier this year and it was a thrill for me.

 

            There is a strong group of Americans that believe that a Jeb Bush Presidency would be a shining star among all Presidencies, including those of your father and your brother.  I should note that I still support your brother and believe that better things are still to come in his Presidency.  

 

I believe very strongly that you could be President of the United States some day, if you so desired. If you chose to run in 2008 (more than possibly that might be a mistake) I would support your candidacy above all other candidates. 

 

Please remember and believe that there are millions more like me.  God Bless you and Merry Christmas to you and your family.

 

Sincerely yours,

 

 

Thomas S. Gordon

Box 602

Millburn, NJ 07041

 

From:	LMURRAY21@aol.com
Sent:	Wednesday, December 20, 2006 11:29 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Thank You

Governor Bush:
 
As a long time supporter of both your father and brother and a recent retiree who moved to Florida in 2003, I and my husband are begging you to not give up any plans you might have had to run for President in the future.  Sir, your future is bright. Give the people time to settle down and I am hoping that intelligence will overcome their irrational mistrust of your brother (whom we love) and put you in your proper place - The White House....
 
Have a wonderful Christmas and New Years, rest up and enjoy life for a couple of years and then come back to us and lead this country again into greatness.....You have our support.....
 
Thank you for all you have done for the State of Florida.
 
Linda  A.  Roche - retired Police Officer
3563 W. Blossom Drive
Beverly Hills, Florida 34465
From:	Lester JOHNSON <ljohn88145@msn.com>
Sent:	Wednesday, December 20, 2006 10:39 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Merry Christmas

Hello Jeb.. I have been a resident of Florida for 4 years.  Actually I was a fan of yours before I moved here from the midwest.  I am a former 30 year radio personality and a lifelong Republican.  I voted for your Dad and your brother.  I am probably a lot more conservative than you, and the rest of your family, but I think that you should not rule out a run for the Presidency.  I think that you are a "real" person just like the President.  I have watched your every move here in FL since I lived here....I wish you could have a few more terms.  I voted for Charlie Crist, but am not liking  a lot of his ideas for our state.  You are a man of action and integrity, something that is getting harder and harder to find in this world.  I feel that a lot of us Floridians will miss you! 
 
Merry Christmas to you and your family,
 
Les Johnson
Casselberry, FL


  _____  

Get free, personalized online radio with MSN Radio powered by Pandora. Try it!
From:	Timothy Long <tlinfla@yahoo.com>
Sent:	Wednesday, December 20, 2006 9:46 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	You can't quit!!!

Jeb,

I am positive I share sentiment of most Floridians.   
You've done a fantastic job and I think most people
love you!!!!    Please shoot for president......   It
doesn't matter whats going on with George....he is a
great guy too!     Just please give it more
consideration.    I think you would be loved be most,
and one of our best presidents!

Sincerely,
Timothy Long


__________________________________________________
Do You Yahoo!?
Tired of spam?  Yahoo! Mail has the best spam protection around 
http://mail.yahoo.com 
From:	chbun820@aol.com
Sent:	Wednesday, December 20, 2006 3:34 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Future Politics

Dear Governor Bush:
 
I'm going to pray that in the future you will consider running for President of the USA!
You may not be ready now but I prayerfully hope that you will consider the position in the future.  Your brother in our eyes has done an outstanding job considering all of the issues that he has had to deal with.  We strongly volunteered during President George Bush campaigns and also for you as governor.  We along with many of our good friends in Manatee County feel the same.  Thanks for being an  outstanding governor for our great state.  Keep up the good work! God bless you and your entire family. Please consider 
running for president in the future.  We will work hard to get you elected as we have such confidence in your work. Thanks.
 
Sincerely,
Charlene & David Hinkel
7638 Partridge St. Circle
Bradenton, FL  34202
941-358-6149 
  _____  

Check out the new AOL. Most comprehensive set of free safety and security tools, free access to millions of high-quality videos from across the web, free AOL Mail and more.

From:	Allen Reichle <reichlefortars@yahoo.com>
Sent:	Tuesday, December 19, 2006 5:54 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Teenage Republicans

Dear Governor Bush,

My name is Allen Reichle and I?m the current St. Clair County Teenage Republican Chairman, and I?m running for the Michigan TARS Secretary with currently no opposition. In 2004 during the Bush-Cheney Campaign I joined up with the Teenage Republicans, we did a lot of work together and Campaigned for a lot of people. I'm glad to say I continued to work with the Teenage Republicans in 2006, we all put in countless hours to get our fellow republicans elected we did a phenomenal job. We need to work on the TARS organization I mean, why cant the TARS Organization be in all of Michigan's 83 counties? That's is why I'm running for the Michigan Teenage Republican Secretary, and that?s why I?m asking for your support. For more info go to: http://reichlefortars.blogspot.com/ or you can contact me at reichlefortars@yahoo.com Thank you for your time.

Sincerely,

Allen Reichle

Chairman of the St. Clair County TARS


__________________________________________________
Do You Yahoo!?
Tired of spam? Yahoo! Mail has the best spam protection around 
http://mail.yahoo.com 
From:	Alberto R Barranada <ABARRANADA5940@WIDEOPENWEST.COM>
Sent:	Thursday, December 14, 2006 11:24 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	I hope you will run for president.

Hope you will run for president, and continue to be a leader in our country.
From:	Bolivia2 Triviski <Bolivia2@msn.com>
Sent:	Wednesday, December 13, 2006 9:09 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	my opinion

JEB:  You as President of the United States and Condi Rice as Vice President. I like it.
mark triviski
574 gentry ave n
oakdale, mn 55128
mark_triviski@hotmail.com
From:	Rader, John <John.Rader@ost.state.wi.us>
Sent:	Monday, December 11, 2006 10:41 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Support

Count this Wisconsin Republican as a supporter for the 2008 Campaign ! Excuse my using this state website, but I couldn't find another way to contact you.
 
John W. Rader
Deputy State Treasurer
1 So. Pinckney St. - Ste 550
Madison, WI  53703
(608) 266-7982
(608) 772-1963 (Cell)
 
Home Address - 7848 Dairy Ridge Rd.
                             Verona, WI  53593
 
From:	Dixi Darlyn <DDhere@webtv.net>
Sent:	Sunday, December 10, 2006 12:07 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Cc:	DDhere@webtv.net
Subject:	well done sir!
Attachments:	Governor Jeb Bush's IN THE NEWS... Friday, December 2, 2006

Dear Governor Bush,
You have made me & so many others so very proud to call you our
governor,  Could you - or would you - consider running for president in
the next election?

Sincerly yours.
Shirley Mack

From:	Peter Moffett <prmoffett@worldnet.att.net>
Sent:	Friday, December 8, 2006 10:55 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Congratulations on your term as Governor and maybe our next VP

Honorable Jeb Bush
Governor
State of Florida
 
 
Dear Jeb:
 
I have been a citizen of the State of Florida since 1982, and without doubt your term as Governor for the State of Florida has been exemplarity and very productive for the State of Florida and its citizens.
 
I would like to see you continue your political career with seeking the office of the Presidency of the United States of America, but from my previous emails to you I realize this is not your current ambition.  I foresee a challenging  role for you to play in the upcoming 2008 elections that will give you the opportunity to become more seasoned for the position of President, such as the role your Dad played with President Reagan, as his VP.  What I see evolving in the political landscape over the next two years is Rudy Juliano successfully obtaining the Republican Nomination for the Presidency for 2008 and a highly viable opportunity for yourself to run as his VP.  
 
Over your term as Governor, I have found you to be highly intelligent, but most importantly a very caring Governor and one that weights your decision making process on the best interest of the People of the State of Florida.   We need people of your caliber in office that will be diligent in the pursuit of what is right for America and in the best interest of its people and I believe under your stewardship America's helm will be in competent hands.  Americas leaders  have   to navigate a very challenging course over the next several years  to avoid the perils of terrorism and to build on America's strengths if we are to continue our prosperous voyage  and safe future for all of Americas citizens to enjoy.
 
Jeb your the perfect candidate to share the Office of the President, you have the background and real time experience of dealing with major catastrophic events that have impacted Florida, from major hurricanes to immigration issues.    America has a tremendous resource that I feel will be able to contribute to stabilizing the course of history during volatile times and Jeb my money is on you.  You a good guy, you do the right things and your decisions are not politically motivated your motivated by making the right decisions for the people you serve.   
 
GOOD LUCK IN 2008!!!!
 
Cordially, 
 
Peter R. Moffett
prmoffett@att.net
954-214-0931
From:	Albert O. McBroom <aomcbroom@webmcb.net>
Sent:	Friday, December 8, 2006 7:38 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Presidential Run

Dear Governor Bush:
 
I wish you well in all your future endeavors.  I certainly hope it includes a presidential run.  You can count on my vote if you so decide.
 
Sincerely,
Albert O. McBroom
North Augusta, SC
From:	Richard at Humanitad <richard@humanitad.org>
Sent:	Wednesday, December 6, 2006 2:39 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	To Governor Jeb Bush from Richard Swift London

December 6th 2006
 
Confidential
 
Dear Governor 
 
I am contacting you regarding an initiative that could help the Republican Party and also save the lives of American Soldiers. It may well also save the lives of American civilians both at home and abroad.  
 
I have contacted you as a Republican  and a Governor because you can ensure that the right people are made aware of an opportunity.  Most importantly you can also ensure that information does not leak to people who could damage the initiative and possibly damage your party in the process.  
 
Please read through the summary below and email to let me know if you would like to discuss this further. 
 
My position is Campaign Director for Humanitad, an international group whose aims are the promotion of interfaith and intercultural tolerance and fellowship.  
 
You will see from our website www.humanitad.org that we have influential supporters.  These range from The Dali Lama and the Anglican Bishop of Jerusalem to the President of the Global Security Institute and a number of past and current key figures within the UN. 
 
The 'campaigns' button at the top right  opens a summary of 'Not In God's Name', the initiative we could usefully discuss. 
 
Please be assured that we will not ask you to give money or public support.  My professional background is planning and launching new businesses and campaigns, my job is simply to make this initiative succeed.  The aims and interests of the initiative are co-incident with those of the Republican Party insofar as both want to see a reduction of the violence in Baghdad and other cities.   
 
We are advised that the insurgency in Iraq is actually a 'turf war' between factions competing for power. Such contests have historically been resolved, especially in Middle Eastern cultures by negotiation and 'doing a deal'.  In this current situation, negotiation is blocked and the violence escalated by the mis-use of religion as a recruiting and motivational tool.  The initiative can stop this and also discredit the leaders who cynically mislead their people
 
It may be helpful to give my personal bona fides. In 2003-4 I helped to plan and manage the successful campaign to gain a UK referendum on the proposed EU constitution.  My colleagues and I were invited by The Federalist Society, an association of 1500 US lawyers, and also by the Heritage Foundation, a respected organisation in Washington, as guests at their annual conference to make our case.  We enlisted the support of Judge Robert Bork and his wife Elaine and also the help, for no fee, of Ron Faucheux, the campaign guru and author of 'Running for Office'.     
 
The benefits to the Republican party I see as follows. Short term, your party will be able to counter and neutralise some of the criticism from opposing politicians and from the media  Here is an example of the criticism. On November 26th I received a copy of a purportedly authoritative email article entitled 'Cut and Run, the only brave thing to do'. I will happily send it to you.  The article said "71% of all Iraqis now want the U.S. out of Iraq" and "61% of all Iraqis SUPPORT insurgent attacks on U.S. troops". 
 
The second claim at least is a gross distortion of the facts. The fact is that vast majority of the attacks are Iraqi on Iraqi and are religiously inspired. If US troops pull out now there will be a religiously driven genocidal bloodbath for which the Republican Administration will be blamed.   
 
Whether or not the war should have started is irrelevant; the fact is that US troops and the administration are currently preventing a sectarian bloodbath and that needs to be said. 
 
The longer term benefit is that once we shut off the fuel of religious hatred the violence will slow and US troops will be able to leave behind a genuinely stabilising situation.
 
The initiative has been studied and approved by senior members of your US Central Command but they are legally prevented from helping. One Officer tried to gain interest from the State Department, without success.  
 
Ambassador Elizabeth McKune at the US Embassy in London has also tried to help.
 
We have the support of religious leaders from all three faiths and we have Peace Groups and individuals across the globe ready to deliver all three campaigns, starting in January.  
 
Most importantly, we have a practical and robust implementation plan for the Muslim campaign. 
 
It would be unwise for there to be any direct contact between the Initiative and Governments. However,  as concerned individuals we can discuss issues and you may discuss these with others.   I am clear on what we need to achieve and how you can help, by a few phone calls, to make the initiative a success. 
 
The summary on the website is just the surface layer, there is 18 months planning behind this initiative. I can send you some documents once we have spoken.   
 
I have a short list of Republican Governors and Senators to approach and would appreciate your timely response as to whether you feel able to discuss these issues. 
 
Yours sincerely 
 
 
Richard Swift 
Campaign Director 
Humanitad 
 
landline      +44 (0) 20 8788 5370
Cellphone   +44 (0) 7940 577458
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 
  



From:	Jdemarco235@aol.com
Sent:	Tuesday, December 5, 2006 10:21 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	(no subject)

Please tell me that one day we will see you in the white house. You are a wonderful man I used to live in Florida and they don't get any better  than you. I could not think of anyone better to run this great country of ours.
 
                                                                                      Thank you,
                                                                                            Ida DeMarco
 
From:	Jeffrey Pelletier <jeffreypelletier@comcast.net>
Sent:	Monday, December 4, 2006 10:54 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	How does this sound for 2008

Bush/ Santorum

 

I like the sound.  Please consider it.

 

 

Making the TRANSFORMATION

 

Jeffrey Pelletier
Principal 

HRDLLC, Inc
7146 Claude Ave
Inver Grove Heights, MN 55076 

transformation@becominggreat.com
www.becominggreat.com 

tel: 
fax: 

651-492-8540 
651-389-0504 

 

Add me to your address book...

Want a signature like this?

 

From:	Pam Burns <pamburns@verizon.net>
Sent:	Monday, December 4, 2006 7:44 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	The Presidential Race of 2008
Attachments:	Pamela Sue Burns.doc

Dear Governor Jeb Bush,

I am from Texas. I am also a Master of Public Affairs, and am thinking about
a job soon. I am looking at all the candidates and wonder to myself, do any
of them have what it takes to be President? So, far, I am not sure any do. I
like Romney but he is a Mormon. And that is not my religion as I am a
Baptist and a Methodist. My question, is why don't you run?

You have a legacy of family, and the guidance of what you have already
accomplished, to leverage, and springboard you into the executive office
next. So, if you are brave, you would with courage think about serving and
being the next President of the United States.

If you do decide to run, let me work for you.

I attach my resume.

I hope all is well, and I thought your brother the President, George W.
Bush, Jr., did so well in his interview today. He is truly serious and
sincere, and so often misunderstood in his direction of what is so hard to
remind people of that of protecting against a future 911.

So, WE all support him. I hope he is able to get some troops home for
Christmas, and that the Iraqi people will not longer have Iraq on Iraq
murders and crime. The Islam faith is so odd to us, as Christians, as they
do not believe the Golden Rule. So, if we can teach them that one concept,
of truth, that if you do this, you cannot live, they should change.

They are not one nation under God. So, in the Constitution, if a Christian,
could have been at the reigns somehow, it would have been better, since we
did win the war, they did say at one point, to make them enclose those words
in their constitution, one nation under God. For if they can understand one
God, and our God, they will not kill any longer, as we believe those who do
go to hell.

I was so strong on that, at the time, we were winning the war. And I wrote
Kay Bailey Hutchison, but she did not even write back. So, I am
contraversial sure, but as a born-again Christian, many people, including
service people, believe it too!

I hope you are having a great day, tell you brother hey for me. I met him
one time at a parade, with my son Adam, when he was nine. So, we got his
picture made with him and that was so nice, it was here in Garland, Texas,
Labor Day 1998.

I am so supportive you have the right happiness in life, and yet, duty does
call. We do not have a strong candidate yet. So, if we find one, I know it
might be you!

Sincerely,

Pamela Sue Donelson Burns
Master of Public Affairs, Graduated May 2003
Garland, Texas
From:	William L. Thomson Jr. <wlt@obsidian-studios.com>
Sent:	Monday, December 4, 2006 4:30 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Jeb 08
Attachments:	signature.asc

Jeb 08 or Jeb 2012

-- 
Sincerely,
William L. Thomson Jr.
Obsidian-Studios, Inc.
http://www.obsidian-studios.com
From:	Pamela Pearson <plp0716_2000@yahoo.com>
Sent:	Friday, December 1, 2006 5:30 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Running for President

12-1-06

Govenor Jeb Bush,

Please consider running for President in 2008. My
family and I love all the Bush family.

We think you would be a great President. If you
consider running, please let me know and I will start
helping in your campaign in CA.

Pamela Pearson


 
____________________________________________________________________________________
Cheap talk?
Check out Yahoo! Messenger's low PC-to-Phone call rates.
http://voice.yahoo.com
From:	Suffern, Brian <briansuffern@marinebiochemists.com>
Sent:	Friday, December 1, 2006 4:29 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush

Dear Gov. Bush:

 

I know that you have no plans for running for President of the United States at this time.

 

However, I wanted to let you know that as a conservative Republican, I cannot become enthusiastic, or support any of the Republican candidates that are  “exploring” the option at this time.

 

I ask you to reconsider, and run for President of the United States.  I know that you will lead the country, and the conservative wing of the Republican Party in the right direction.

 

Brian Suffern, West Bend, WI.

 



"NOTE: The information transmitted is intended only for the person or entity to which it is addressed and may contain confidential and/or privileged material.  Any review, retransmission, dissemination or other use of, or taking of any action in reliance upon this information by persons or entities other than the intended recipient is prohibited.   If you received this in error, please contact the sender and delete the material from any computer".


From:	PfisterGF@aol.com
Sent:	Friday, November 24, 2006 3:42 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Jeb Bush on Deon Long's Run for Orange County Republican Chairman
Attachments:	DeonLonglOpenettertoLewOliver.pdf

Attached is a letter from Ometrias Deon Long to Lew Oliver quoting you, Governor Bush, on his, Deon Long's leadership.  The amazing letter by Mr. Long calls for Lew Oliver to endorse Mr. Long for Chairman of OCREC even though Mr. Oliver has already announced his own intention to run for reelection and Mr. Long knows it.  Mr. Long is a new member of OCREC.
 
The Deon Long letter attacks the 72 hour program of RPOF and RNC.  I know you stay out of the primaries for County Chairman but it appears a private email has been used to bootstrap what appears to be support of Mr Long as opposed to the encouragement of getting people involved in the party.   
 
All the best,
Gary F. Pfister
Vice Chairman OCREC
Orlando, FL 
From:	Dave Adams <gzusizld1@krausonline.com>
Sent:	Tuesday, November 21, 2006 7:28 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	President

Hello Governor  Jeb Bush, I am a very strong supporter of the good name of Bush. I supported George, and I would like to encourage you to run for President. I would be proud to support you from Illinois.

 

 

In His Steps

 

Dave Adams

20117 Pockey Way

Elwood. IL 60421

815 424 0185

Gzusizld1@krausonline.com 

 

 

From:	rwessman <rwessman@MyMDU.com>
Sent:	Saturday, November 18, 2006 3:56 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Vice President Jeb Bush?

Dear Governor Bush,

I have heard recently that if Mitt Romney of Massachusetts was to win the
Republican nomination for President in 2008 that your name might be
considered as his running mate. Please don't do it, not in 2008.

Listen, I'm a conservative "Reagan" Republican and not even I am ready for
that. I say that without even knowing your platform. I just know that it is
going to take some time for your brother's policies to play out and even
though you might be the best public servant to come out of the Bush family,
you really need to choose your moment carefully. I know you have to step
down as Governor of Florida because of term limits so I was wondering if you
would consider moving to Illinois and saving us from the machine.

Sincerely,


-- 
Rick Wessman
300 North State Street, Unit 2804
Chicago, Il 60610
312.832.1456
rwessman@MyMDU.com

From:	tanbark@aol.com
Sent:	Thursday, November 16, 2006 1:37 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	message from a supporter

  
Hello Governor Bush,
 
My name is Jonna Kehoe.  I voted for you twice for governor and for Charlie Christ in this last election.  However I must tell you that I am very disappointed about what is happening with the Republican Party.  Even though we won in Florida. I was upset that you and other Republicans refuse to back Katherine Harris after she won the primary. I get the feeling that my conservative views are not being represented any more.  I am very disheartend by the selection of Mr. Martinez as heading the RNC. I don't believe that his views on illegal immigration is the same as mine.  I want security to be increase with boarder patrol as well as the  boarder fence that  we were promise along with the crack down on business that  hire illegals. As a black conservative, I take offense, when I hear some people say that people who want to secure our boarders are prejudice. As a black conservative marriage to a white conservative, I have experience my share of prejudices and believe me as a Roman Catholic, I don't dislike anyone because of race, creed or color.  I hope that my concerns don't fall on deaf ears. I want to continue to donate and vote republican but if republicans continue to act like democrats I will have no other choice then to vote against my party as an independent.  
 
PS. Please disregard my other e-mail, it was sent in error.
 
Thank you for your time
 
Jonna Kehoe in Land O Lakes, FL
 
 
 
  _____  

Check out the new AOL. Most comprehensive set of free safety and security tools, free access to millions of high-quality videos from across the web, free AOL Mail and more.

From:	tanbark@aol.com
Sent:	Thursday, November 16, 2006 1:07 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Message from a Republican support

 Hello Governor Bush,
 
My name is Jonna Kehoe.  I voted for you twice for governor and for Charlie Christ in this last election.  However I must tell you that I am very disappointed about what is happening with the Republican Party.  Eventhough we won in Florida. I was upset that you and other Republicans refuse to back Katherine Harris after she won the primary. I get the feeling that my conservative views are not being represented any more.  I am very disheartened by the selection of Mr Martinez as heading the RNC. I don't believe that views on illegal immagrantion is the same as mine.  I won't security to be increase with boarder patrol as while the boarder fence we were promise along with the crack down on business that illegally hire illegals. As a black convservative, I take affense
 
  _____  

Check out the new AOL. Most comprehensive set of free safety and security tools, free access to millions of high-quality videos from across the web, free AOL Mail and more.

From:	tmharvey <tmharvey@bellsouth.net>
Sent:	Tuesday, November 14, 2006 1:39 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Romney/Bush 2008

Dear Governor Bush,
 
I can't believe your two terms as Governor are coming to an end. It seems like yesterday when I met you for the first time on the circle in Sebring. Time flies. I would like to say that you have done a great job as the Governor of Florida. I have been hearing about a possible Romney/Bush ticket for 08 and I hope that it is true. This country needs a team with moral values.
 
This coming summer I will be moving to New York State to expand our business holding there. Since I am in New York on a regular basis, I am very active in the local republican party. Every summer we have a major fundraiser and use the funds to help support our local elected officials. Last summer we had Rudy Giuliani as our guest speaker for a small fee of $50,000. Not bad for a two hour appearance. We still made enough money to give generous contributions to our candidates. The problem I have with this group is that I feel that they are going to automatically support Rudy just because he is from New York. I think he did a great job for New York, but I don't support him as a future president. He's much to liberal for me.
 
If I can be of any help to you, please contact me. I know Romney has not filed any paperwork as of yet, and a V.P. will not be announced for some time after that. I would sure like to help get your foot in the door, and also keep the money away from Rudy. The town we are in is Fishkill, which is located in Dutchess County. The Republican party is very strong there. We will be having several different events throughout  the year with our two big events being a Spring brunch and the Summer party I spoke of earlier. I would love to get you in the area for a visit if it would help you.
 
Just to jog your memory, I served on the committee to elect you in Highlands County along with Steve Roberts and Jim McCollum. I'm 38 years old and have a wife Tracy and daughters Lauren, Megan and Hannah all who you have met. I know its hard to place everyone with all of the people you have met. I also had the subdivision Country Walk in Lake Placid where you spoke several times. I hope that helped.
 
Let me know what I can do for you.
 
Todd Harvey
From:	salvatore loparo <cheer_allstar_05@yahoo.com>
Sent:	Monday, November 13, 2006 12:14 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Need some Direction!

Mr. Bush,
I am a 20yr Male that I am interested in the political field but don't know which way to go! I am very open minded and could use some sense of direction. Would you please help and maybe put me on the right path.
 I am not to sure what I would like to do but I would like to know what their is to work with.
   Thank you for your time I know you are extremely busy. But it would be deeply appreciated.
 
sincerely,
Salvatore Loparo

  _____  

Want to start your own business? Learn how on Yahoo! Small Business.
From:	gsaint22@earthlink.net
Sent:	Sunday, November 12, 2006 7:48 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	fed up

Sunday, November 12, 2006

George St John
8812 SE 130th Loop
Summerfield  FL, 34491

Governor        Jeb          Bush                
Office of the Governor                  
PL 05 The Capitol, 400 South Monroe Stre
Tallahassee          FL, 32399    

RE: fed up

I am so angry with the Rep Party for having deserted us and what we hired you to do.  You abandoned every Republican ideal we entrusted to you to carry out and became what we despise, liberals.  You traitors just turned your backs on us and even though it pained me, I still voted for you but not so most of our base.  You people sicken me but perhaps a cold slap in the face would have been enough to wake you up.  But now that hope is gone and if you think the Dems are going to give up what they have been after for so long, you're nuts and I'm nuts for ever having supported you.
You selfish bastards have sunk our party and I never want to see your faces again.
Oh by the way, I just noticed the four questions to the right of the page and want to puke.  These were asked a dozen times when you were in power and you are still asking them even now when we are out of power???  Don't make me laugh.
This letter is not intended for you, Gov Bush.  I just wanted you to be copied and to see how most of us feel.

Sincerely, 
GSJ
From:	THOMAS BOURGEOIS <tombourge@prodigy.net>
Sent:	Friday, November 10, 2006 9:57 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Brilliant Choice re: Michael Steele 

Honorable Governor Bush:
 
Please permit me to voice my unqualified support for the selection of Lt. Gov. Michael Steele as RNC Chairman. This is a brilliant move, I pray that Mr. Steele accepts. I am looking forward to Mr. Steele as the new face of the Republican party on the talk shows, in the media and the press. 
Kudos, this is a move for the future and a big step in the right direction
From:	bdmccabe@verizon.net
Sent:	Thursday, November 9, 2006 8:24 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Republican Party

Thursday, November 09, 2006

Dawn   McCabe
2701 Avenue T NW
Winter Haven FL, 33881

Governor        Jeb          Bush                
Office of the Governor                  
PL 05 The Capitol, 400 South Monroe Stre
Tallahassee          FL, 32399    

RE: Republican Party

     I have been registered as a Republican since I turned 18 way back in 1976.  I'm really having a problem keeping my respect for much of their behavior these days.  Too many of the Republican elected officials I've seen are more concerned about what people think than with doing their jobs.  The President has had no support from the Democrats.  (That's to be expected.  They're only interested in winning the next election.  It's the only plan they seem to be able to come up with.)  But too many of the Republicans, who were supposed to have been in the majority for the past few years, seemed to follow along with the Democrats, worrying more about polls than with what needs to be done.  
     There are some decisions President Bush has made that I have not agreed with, but he's shown he's not afraid to make those difficult decisions.  I have the utmost respect and admiration for him and the job he's done.  Within a few months of taking office, he was faced with unimaginable difficulty.  He did what he felt needed to be done based on the information he was given.  And, he's had to fight in the Middle East, and then fight his own people here.  I keep wondering how much might have been done if Republicans had shown a little more support.  
     I was also very upset by the behavior of Charlie Crist.  The President came to Florida to help with Crist's campaign. And Crist went to another city.  His excuse was that he was trying to cover as much ground as possible.  But it appeared more like  he was trying to separate himself from a President who isn't on the A-list right now.  It came across to me as cowardly. I voted early here in Florida.  If I'd known Crist was going to do that, I'd have thought twice before I voted for him.  
     As I said, I've been a Republican for a long time.  I try to stay as informed as I can. Based on what I've been seeing lately, I've filled out the card to change my party affiliation to Independent.  I'm still debating on whether or not I should send it off.  I need to see that the Republican Party is going to support the President.  Or are they going to act like Democrats?   With some of them, it's hard to tell the difference.   

Sincerely, 
Dawn McCabe
From:	Freds Email <fab0429@verizon.net>
Sent:	Thursday, November 9, 2006 6:01 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	FW: This one needs to keep going! THE BLACK PATCH (KEEP FORWARDING PLEASE)]]

Why didn't any of you help Kathern Harris in her fight in this past election??? She did damn well considering she got 44% of the vote. You guys better get your priorities straight if you ever want to get back in the graces of your base.

  _____  

From: cljohns@airmail.net [mailto:cljohns@airmail.net] 
Sent: Wednesday, October 25, 2006 8:38 PM
To: cjkey@ev1.net; gourmetbecky@charter.net; lyndaedwards5@aol.com; lcullison@upstreamengineering.com; ccullison@myronsteves.com; rlcullison@cmaaccess.com; rwoody38@aol.com; dodiewalpole@yahoo.com; knjones@lgc.com; ejjessup@msn.com; Ginger.Andrews@va.gov; CNGreenwood@netropolis.net; Shar9334@aol.com; sylviajh@wt.net
Subject: Fw: This one needs to keep going! THE BLACK PATCH (KEEP FORWARDING PLEASE)]]


 
----- Original Message ----- 
From: susan winn 
To: Vern Winn ; Michael V. Winn ; Tania Pfalzgraf ; Fred & Kay Smith ; Sammie Kay Rogers ; Bill Littell ; carol johns ; Rita M Hurst ; Jenny Hankins ; Nora Fox ; Amy J Fox ; Judy Eckel ; Jill Eaton ; ann eaton ; Karyn cook ; Cheryl ; Ryan Campbell ; Molly Fox Campbell ; Ed Biddle 
Sent: Tuesday, October 24, 2006 10:08 PM
Subject: Fw: This one needs to keep going! THE BLACK PATCH (KEEP FORWARDING PLEASE)]]

 
Lv, swinn
----- Original Message ----- 

  
   
   
Look at the  black patch under the U.S. flag.  
 


The patch says "Doing the  work of" The flags are France,Germany ,and Russia. 
 
This SHOULD be on  the front cover of Time, Newsweek, etc. 

Let's you and I "put it  there" by forwarding this all around the world! Keep  scrolling 


Repeats or not...I'm not breaking this one... 











  
    
  
  
  

  


     

   
    


 
< END >

  _____  


 
--
No virus found in this outgoing message.
Checked by AVG Free Edition.
Version: 7.1.407 / Virus Database: 268.12.9/458 - Release Date: 9/27/2006

 
  

  _____  

Do you Yahoo!?
Get on board. You're invited to try the new Yahoo! Mail Beta.


From:	john lavery <jlavery2@tampabay.rr.com>
Sent:	Thursday, November 9, 2006 5:04 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	U.S. Senate Seat, Fl.

Dear Governor Bush,
 
I am a retired arrorney and military veteran who (like your father) served in WWII. We were both officers in the Navy in WW II and are the same age. 
 
I worked in Republican politics in Illinois, from 1946 till  1980, ringing door bells, raising money and serving in Republican Organizations as precinct capain, officer and worker. I moved to Florida in 1995 and have voted here since then.
 
I have the following comment to make on our November 2006 election:
 
Now that the Democrats have won a majority in the U.S. Senate, we can blame Katherine Harris.  She was a loser from the start and everyone, including you, told her so.  Her "Dog in The Manger" attitude, in refusing to withdraw was so typical of many of today's candidates,  "I, Me, My and to heck with the Party."
 
A good, well known Republican candidate could have won; after all we elected a Governor, and a Florida  victory would have insured a Republican U.S. Senate majority!
 
My best wishes to you and your future career.
 
John R. Lavery
345 Bayshore Blvd.  #402
Tampa, FL  33606
From:	Keith Ruback <gr8kabookie@gmail.com>
Sent:	Thursday, November 9, 2006 2:39 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Passion for Politics

First of all, being apart of these past few years have been aweosne. Espescially during some of the more tough times, I believe you made correct decision after correct decision. Now, while I am sure you and I have our differences, I was glad the people of Florida chose you the way they did. Anyway, I need some advice Gov. Bush. I want to get into politics. It is a hobby of mine right now, but I want to get into actual political races. Obviously locally, but I want to start being heard, Your advice would be really treasured if you can give me any. And if you ever have a moment, and are near the Boca Raton area (A remarkably beautiful part of this great state) I would love to meet with you. I would of course go anywhere you would like in order for me to have the honor of meeting you. I know their is the transistion still happening, so I do not expect a response to this anytime soon. But I do look foward to it greatly. 

With Respect,
Rev. Keith J. Ruback

President/Founder
Heaven On Planet Earth

From:	Mike Wille <mwille@earthlink.net>
Sent:	Tuesday, November 7, 2006 6:37 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Katherine Harris

Importance:	High

Mr. Bush,
 
I want to tell you that I think it is absolutely terrible that you would not support your Republican candidate for Senate rather than giving your support to the Democratic candidate.
 
You must be hoping to get all the illegal aliens in your state legalized.  She was the only one of the candidates that showed some notion of not letting that happen.
 
I voted for you before, but you will never get my vote again in whatever election you may seek after the governorship.
 
Regretfully,
 
Michael F. Wille
709 W. Palmetto St.
Wauchula, Fl.  33873
 
home (863) 767-6733
cell    ( 863 835-0284
 
email  mwille@earthlink.net
From:	AngieD708@aol.com
Sent:	Monday, November 6, 2006 1:44 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	(no subject)

Mr. Bush,
 
When you go around the state campaigning for other Republicans, who pays for your travel, etc?  Just curious.
 
Thank you.
 
Angie Dominick
Boynton Beach Florida
From:	sheetsd <sheetsd@bellsouth.net>
Sent:	Saturday, November 4, 2006 9:06 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Concerned Republican

Good evening Govenor Bush
 
Hope you and your family are doing well.
 
My name is David L Sheets
 
I am a registered repulican and a small business owner in Martin County, Fl. and a native born Floridian. Would you be so kind as to direct me to the proper web sites so I can research the repuplican canidates. The sites I go to don't have much information on them or there accomplishments, as a matter of fact, along each canidates name with the exception of Mr. Crist, everybody else just says ( no response ) to the questions ask . As a Drywall Contractor, I have to prove to the local municipalities that I am worthy of my License they grant me to do business in Martin County and  St Lucie County,  by taking two different exams, Florida Business& Law and Drywall Contractors Block Exam, a pulic record search, credit search, three letters of recondmendations and all the other paper work that needs to filed with the state.But some of these canidates running for this election just have to say  ( no response ) . Is there a web site or sites that I can go to where I can find good information on them. 
 
Thank You 
David Lynn Sheets
Sheetsd@Bellsouth.net
From:	G. M. Palmer <strong.verse@gmail.com>
Sent:	Saturday, November 4, 2006 5:36 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Congressional District 3

Hello.  My name is G. Michael Palmer.
 
First of all, let me apologize for not writing sooner.  
I spent the summer in Europe with graduate school and my time since returning has been taken up with the birth of my second child (on All Saints' Day).  Had I known the grave state of affairs I would have written or contacted you all before now (as it is certainly too late for 2006). 
 
I was also reticent to say anything about the abortion of Congressional District 3's election because when I contacted Mr. Hightower of the Jacksonville Republican Party in 2004 he was dead set against running anyone against "The Honorable" Corrine Brown. 
 
Now, however, I see that she will be "re-elected" without her name even appearing on my ballot November 7th with a write-in option.  This is appalling and ought to be against the law, as it is certainly against the spirit of Republican Democracy.  In short order, I will be taxed without representation. 
 
I have offered my willingness and desire to either defeat Ms Brown in an election or to help someone to do so.  I have lived in the obscenely gerrymandered District 3 since September of 2001 and have been sickened to see 5 years of Federal Building Namings and precious little else. 
 
I would like a modicum of support from the Republican Party.  Corrine Brown is defeatable.  She needs to be voted out of office.  She is a disgrace to Congressional District 3, to Florida, to the Congress, and to America. 
 
Please feel free to contact me, either by email or telephone: 904 612 8368.
 
Thank you,
Michael Palmer

P.S. -- I am a teacher, husband, father, editor, and author.  I graduated from the University of Florida, attended Bartow High School (Adam Putnam's Alma Mater), and am a Florida Native.  Corrine's defeat only requires the mobilization of rural voters and business owners.  Please let us do this. 


-- 
G. M. Palmer
Editor-in-Chief, Strong Verse
www.strongverse.org


From:	Kathryn Van Kirk <kjvankirk@verizon.net>
Sent:	Saturday, November 4, 2006 2:47 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	PLEASE speak up to support Katherine Harris!

Dear Governor Bush,
With the ultra liberal Bill Nelson up for re-election we have a chance to roust him OUT of the Senate and have a conservative voice replace him as spokesperson for the State of Florida!
 
KATHERINE HARRIS will be that conservative spokesperson but we who love her as that choice need YOU and your brother, our President, to speak up for her!  Your silence speaks volumes for your true feelings about having conservatives represent Florida.
 
If you don't speak for her and she doesn't get elected to the Senate, I don't see how I could ever vote for you on any run you might make in the national scene, anywhere.  I know your family, at least, wants you to focus next nationally.  But, without your help to oust liberal Nelson, I can't trust you nationally.
 
Sincerely,
Kathryn J. Van Kirk
Registered Independent for OUSTING Bill Nelson from the Senate!
From:	Loyd Thogmartin <ldt@oregonfast.net>
Sent:	Wednesday, November 1, 2006 8:08 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Next President.

Mr Bush,     I hope that it is okay to e mail you at this address and  
that you will receive it.

I am a Bush Fan, and will be because I think your family has did a  
great job raising their children and that they came from a great family.

I am writing for one reason only that I hope you will think about.
Your father was a great President, your Brother is a great President,  
and the things that they have learned being in those positions have  
got to be (a lot) and very important.
and if you were to run for our next president you would have that for  
your advantage.

I understand that I am a nobody, but I am a Christian American and I  
believe you come from a christian background as well. I am not stupid  
or fanatic, I just believe we need honesty, understanding, and  
integrity, in our United States these days. And I honestly believe  
that you have a chance at being the next President of these United  
States.   Think on it at least....

I am very happy to have the Bush family in the white house, and to  
keep them in there.

I do hope you read this even if you do not think about running.  The  
best for the Bush family,
and the Lord be with you. Loyd D. Thogmartin....
From:	Wings <wings757@bellsouth.net>
Sent:	Wednesday, November 1, 2006 11:37 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Harris

Gov'ner-
 
I know you did NOT support Katherine Harris initially in her bid for the Senate...however, she IS now YOUR candidate for Senate AGAINST Wilhelm Nelson...
 
Why IS IT? that I do NOT see you campaigning for her!!!!!
 
You campaigned for Crist...she did her job in the Congress, AND she did her job when she "ANNOUNCED" the Florida Decision in '00....so What's your Story, sir??
 
Brian Wise
VietVet
Hollywood, on the RIGHT Coast
From:	Paul Brooks <pbrooks5@tampabay.rr.com>
Sent:	Saturday, October 28, 2006 12:40 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Party Funded Phone Campaign For Rhonda Storms

Governor Bush:  
 
I am writing you because I think the Party and its funds are being used in a damaging way on behalf of Rhonda Storms and her campaign.  I believe the backlash will negatively impact the party and the entire slate of candidates.  
 
I am a lifelong Republican, and have been a member of the NRCC Business Advisory Council.  I have proudly supported you, and both Presidents Bush.  I am sure you are not even aware of the issue I raise, but perhaps you could ask about it and encourage a change in direction.   
 
I am writing because I am offended that the party would fund a telephone campaign such as it apparently has on behalf of Rhonda Storms.  The negative message being delivered about her competitor is offensive.  I might have expected something like that from her, but the closing line is that it is funded by the Republican Party.  My advice is to cancel the campaign, and if the Party is not involved in the campaign enough to inspect it, get more involved.  Ms. Storms is a loose cannon, and this campaign is typical of her negative, bombastic style.  She would be better served to learn how to answer questions with substance, rather than her normal vitriol.  
 
The phone number from which this message came is 1 800 260-9125.  I called the number, which is undoubtedly a paid contact organization, and learned it was the CG Group.  I hope you will pass this along to appropriate leadership in the party to investigate.  Thank you for your attention to this matter, and I look forward to supporting you in future political endeavors.    
 
Regards, 
 
Paul V. Brooks
From:	RichnJoPike@aol.com
Sent:	Thursday, October 26, 2006 8:21 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Negative campaign ads

Governor:
 
First of all, I am a registered Democrat & my husband is registered as a Republican.  We did this mainly so that we can have a say in each primary.  We both feel that neither party truly represents our views, therefore, we vote for whomever we feel is the best candidate.  
We do our best to learn each candidate's views and what they hope to accomplish in the office that they are seeking.  
 
As election day draws near, there are so many negative political ads that I have refused to watch any channel that plays them.  What is so troubling to me is that the majority of these ads are sponsored by the Republican party.  This has made me, for the first time, want to vote strictly Democrat.  
 
As figurehead of the State of Florida's Republican Party, I ask that you address this immediately & ask the Republican candidates to stop the negativity.  It's about time ALL candidates start focusing on the issues & stop slamming their opponents with half-true garbage.  
 
Thank you for your attention to my concerns.
 
JoAnne Pike
From:	ryan5549@bellsouth.net
Sent:	Thursday, October 26, 2006 10:28 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	new governor

Governor Bush, please tell me who you endorse for governor.  Thank you.  Debbie Ryan
From:	LEWIS MICHAEL BOTTOMS <mikebottoms@earthlink.net>
Sent:	Thursday, October 26, 2006 4:22 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	election

Tell Jeb to run for Gov again in 2012, I'll donate , walk street with sign,etc, we need him back,
mike
From:	Jorge <hervera@bellsouth.net>
Sent:	Wednesday, October 25, 2006 6:03 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	political ad in Dade

Good Morning:

There is a political ad in Telemundo in Miami involving the Mayor, almost forcing a vote for Charlie Christ.

I now difficult times for the GOP but, decency is a mayor virtue in those times.The question is:

For the good of democracy; Can I get records when the ad was made and founding?

From:	Norm Wrona <normw60@verizon.net>
Sent:	Tuesday, October 24, 2006 3:01 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Presidency

Governor Busch,

 

   I am a strong advocate of keeping things very simple. I am a registered Democrat from a family of staunch Democrats…but if you were to consider running for the Office of President of the United States, you would have my vote. 

 

   Very Respectfully,

 

   Norm Wrona

 

   Land O Lakes (Pasco County) FL

From:	Beth and Dale <bethanddale@cfl.rr.com>
Sent:	Saturday, October 21, 2006 3:21 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Re: Governor Jeb Bush's IN THE NEWS... Friday, October 20, 2006

When are you going to come out and support Katherine Harris?
----- Original Message ----- 
From: "Governor Jeb Bush" <jeb.bush@myflorida.com>
To: "Governor Jeb Bush" <jeb.bush@myflorida.com>
Sent: Friday, October 20, 2006 3:17 PM
Subject: Governor Jeb Bush's IN THE NEWS... Friday, October 20, 2006


> For those E-Newsletter recipients who have Adobe Acrobat reader, Governor
> Bush's e-newsletter is available in .PDF format by clicking here:
>
> http://www.flgov.com/in_the_news
>
> The text version of the e-newsletter is below.
>
>
> FLORIDA RECEIVES $33 MILLION FOR STRENGTHENING FAMILIES
>
> On Monday, Lt. Governor Toni Jennings announced the U.S. Department of
> Health and Human Services' Administration for Children and Families 
> awarded
> nearly $33 million to 13 organizations in Florida for services to help
> strengthen Florida's families during the next five years. Lt. Governor
> Jennings was joined by U.S. Department of Health and Human Services Deputy
> Secretary Alex M. Azar II and Florida Department of Children and Families
> Secretary Lucy Hadi to award the grants, totaling $6.6 million this fiscal
> year, for services aimed at keeping Florida families healthy and secure.
> Florida's grant awards went to ten programs to promote healthy marriage 
> and
> three programs to promote responsible fatherhood, providing 13 
> organizations
> across the state with additional funding for education, outreach and
> awareness activities.  Florida is among the top three states in the nation
> in total grant dollars, along with California and Texas.  For more
> information on the Florida Department of Children and Families'
> Strengthening Families Initiative, please visit www.floridafamilies.org.
>
>
> NATIONAL HURRICANE CENTER DIRECTOR MAX MAYFIELD HONORED
>
> On Tuesday, members of the Florida Cabinet and I passed a resolution
> honoring the more than 30 years of public service by Max Mayfield, 
> director
> of National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration's (NOAA) National
> Hurricane Center located in Miami.  Director Mayfield, who has led the
> National Hurricane Center since January 2000, will retire at the end of 
> this
> year. Director Mayfield's career of service and leadership has resulted in
> improved forecasts, enhanced warning coordination and increased
> preparedness.  Mayfield came to the National Hurricane Center in 1972,
> following a 2-year stint as a forecaster with the U.S. Air Force.  He has
> served the National Hurricane Center in various professional capacities,
> rising from the position of Satellite Meteorologist through the ranks to 
> the
> position of Deputy Director in 1998, then Director in 2000. Early in his
> career, Max recognized that the battle against hurricanes is won outside 
> of
> hurricane season.  He has successfully developed the annual 'hurricane
> hunter' preparedness tours, visiting vulnerable locations along the United
> States and Caribbean coasts to educate residents on the dangers of severe
> tropical events.  For more information on hurricane preparedness, please
> visit: www.Floridadisaster.org.
>
>
> FLORIDA BUSINESSES ENCOURAGED TO HIRE PERSONS WITH DISABILITIES
>
> On Wednesday, business and government leaders across Florida joined 
> persons
> with disabilities in recognizing Disability Mentoring Day.  Part of 
> National
> Disability Employment Awareness Month, the event brings together community
> business leaders as mentors to persons with disabilities interested in
> exploring employment opportunities. The mentor/mentee relationships help
> break down barriers to employment while educating employers on the
> contributions persons with disabilities make to the workplace. As mentors,
> the Lt. Governor and I know firsthand the enrichment that comes from 
> sharing
> work experiences with an individual who is anxious to join Florida's 
> growing
> workforce.  Nationally, Florida has been recognized for initiatives
> encouraging employers to recruit, hire and train persons with 
> disabilities.
> Persons with disabilities have on average a 65 percent unemployment rate
> while two-thirds of those who are unemployed would prefer to work. For 
> more
> information on hiring qualified workers with disabilities, visit
> http://apd.myflorida.com.
>
>
> POINTS OF LIGHT AWARDED TO BETTY JO KNOTT
>
> Congratulations!
>
> To read more about this week's winner, please click here:
> http://www.flgov.com/release/8285
>
>
> GOVERNOR BUSH'S 2006 LEGISLATIVE INITIATIVES
>
> Please visit www.govfloridaforum.com.
>
> ____________________________________________________________________
> Volume 8, Issue 42
> Copyright(c) 2006 State of Florida
>
> If you would like to change your subscription or unsubscribe, please go 
> to:
> http://www.myflorida.com/myflorida/subscribe.html
>
>
> Thank you.
>
>
>
> 


From:	joszzzz@netscape.com
Sent:	Friday, October 20, 2006 8:36 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Re: Governor Jeb Bush's IN THE NEWS... Friday, October 20, 2006

I guess you don't want to send a REPUBLICAN  Senator to help your brother , Katherine  Harris CAN WIN if some "PEOPLE" would get behind her and HELP !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

 
 
 





--- jeb.bush@myflorida.com wrote:

From: "Governor Jeb Bush" <jeb.bush@myflorida.com>
To: "Governor Jeb Bush" <jeb.bush@myflorida.com>
Subject: Governor Jeb Bush's IN THE NEWS... Friday, October 20, 2006
Date: Fri, 20 Oct 2006 15:17:11 -0400

For those E-Newsletter recipients who have Adobe Acrobat reader, Governor
Bush's e-newsletter is available in .PDF format by clicking here:

http://www.flgov.com/in_the_news

The text version of the e-newsletter is below.


FLORIDA RECEIVES $33 MILLION FOR STRENGTHENING FAMILIES

On Monday, Lt. Governor Toni Jennings announced the U.S. Department of
Health and Human Services' Administration for Children and Families awarded
nearly $33 million to 13 organizations in Florida for services to help
strengthen Florida's families during the next five years. Lt. Governor
Jennings was joined by U.S. Department of Health and Human Services Deputy
Secretary Alex M. Azar II and Florida Department of Children and Families
Secretary Lucy Hadi to award the grants, totaling $6.6 million this fiscal
year, for services aimed at keeping Florida families healthy and secure.
Florida's grant awards went to ten programs to promote healthy marriage and
three programs to promote responsible fatherhood, providing 13 organizations
across the state with additional funding for education, outreach and
awareness activities.  Florida is among the top three states in the nation
in total grant dollars, along with California and Texas.  For more
information on the Florida Department of Children and Families'
Strengthening Families Initiative, please visit www.floridafamilies.org.


NATIONAL HURRICANE CENTER DIRECTOR MAX MAYFIELD HONORED

On Tuesday, members of the Florida Cabinet and I passed a resolution
honoring the more than 30 years of public service by Max Mayfield, director
of National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration's (NOAA) National
Hurricane Center located in Miami.  Director Mayfield, who has led the
National Hurricane Center since January 2000, will retire at the end of this
year. Director Mayfield's career of service and leadership has resulted in
improved forecasts, enhanced warning coordination and increased
preparedness.  Mayfield came to the National Hurricane Center in 1972,
following a 2-year stint as a forecaster with the U.S. Air Force.  He has
served the National Hurricane Center in various professional capacities,
rising from the position of Satellite Meteorologist through the ranks to the
position of Deputy Director in 1998, then Director in 2000. Early in his
career, Max recognized that the battle against hurricanes is won outside of
hurricane season.  He has successfully developed the annual 'hurricane
hunter' preparedness tours, visiting vulnerable locations along the United
States and Caribbean coasts to educate residents on the dangers of severe
tropical events.  For more information on hurricane preparedness, please
visit: www.Floridadisaster.org.


FLORIDA BUSINESSES ENCOURAGED TO HIRE PERSONS WITH DISABILITIES

On Wednesday, business and government leaders across Florida joined persons
with disabilities in recognizing Disability Mentoring Day.  Part of National
Disability Employment Awareness Month, the event brings together community
business leaders as mentors to persons with disabilities interested in
exploring employment opportunities. The mentor/mentee relationships help
break down barriers to employment while educating employers on the
contributions persons with disabilities make to the workplace. As mentors,
the Lt. Governor and I know firsthand the enrichment that comes from sharing
work experiences with an individual who is anxious to join Florida's growing
workforce.  Nationally, Florida has been recognized for initiatives
encouraging employers to recruit, hire and train persons with disabilities.
Persons with disabilities have on average a 65 percent unemployment rate
while two-thirds of those who are unemployed would prefer to work. For more
information on hiring qualified workers with disabilities, visit
http://apd.myflorida.com.


POINTS OF LIGHT AWARDED TO BETTY JO KNOTT

Congratulations!

To read more about this week's winner, please click here: 
http://www.flgov.com/release/8285


GOVERNOR BUSH'S 2006 LEGISLATIVE INITIATIVES

Please visit www.govfloridaforum.com.
      
____________________________________________________________________
Volume 8, Issue 42
Copyright(c) 2006 State of Florida

If you would like to change your subscription or unsubscribe, please go to:
http://www.myflorida.com/myflorida/subscribe.html


Thank you.



 

  _____  

Netscape.  Just the Net You Need.
From:	Jeff <pwrprayer@clearwire.net>
Sent:	Thursday, October 19, 2006 4:25 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Harris

I just wanted to contact you and ask why the republican party has turned on Katherine Harris I know for a fact that here in Jacksonville there is only one person who is putting out there best effort for her and that is her field rep. the republican party offices are doing nothing to help her. They are only committed to basically Charlie Crist and Jim King even Crist commercial here list everybody down the list running except Harris. I am very active here and have helped all the major candidates here when needed but I am mainly focused on Katherine now because she is not getting the support she needs to win there is only one elected official I have heard speak out in favor of her and that was in a meeting with Harris in attendance. Our local office person almost failed to mention her name when she tried to rally people to vote for our candidates the only reason she remembered her is because she was sitting right next to her and people made a comment to remind her. I have had several people come up to me and ask why the elected leaders are not out there supporting her she has put everything on the line to run for this position and basically fighting alone. It would mean a lot to us conservative voters if people like you and Martinez lead the charge in getting people motivated if not it may be a short night for her and a very disappointing night for us who have been out there doing the ground work to get people to support her you would be surprised some of the comments I am hearing one is that they didn't know she was running another is she a republican. Can you all please stand beside her and help with this final push to help her get elected remember she did stand firm to put and end to all the foolishness when your brother ran against Gore people are still unforgiving over that. Thank you and I hope you all send a message to us voters to know you are behind her
From:	John Weems <winningamericarealty@yahoo.com>
Sent:	Wednesday, October 18, 2006 11:13 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Making out will papers

Dear sir,
 
I am considering leaving some money to the Republican party in Florida. Who should I talk to?
 
Thank you,
 
John K. Weems
From:	DarrellDeWitt@aol.com
Sent:	Wednesday, October 18, 2006 4:56 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	email for charlie crist

Sorry to bother you with this, but I have been unable to find an email for Crist. I am interested in giving him some input- problem with excessive prop tax and improvements needed in homestead exemption.
It appears he is unreachable? I am a reg repub having doubts.
Any help with this would be appreciated.
Thanks,
Darrell DeWitt
From:	KENNETH MOYER <kjmoyer@msn.com>
Sent:	Thursday, October 12, 2006 5:55 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	[*] Running for governor

I think you have done a great job as governor, but I have to tell you the two guys running right now scare the hell out of me. I don't believe either one is a good choice. My vote is for none of the above!  This state needs a straight shooter that's not going to B.S. the voters in Florida.  That being said, what does it really take to run for governor in Florida? The myflorida.com website doesn't have any quick links to find out how to run for governor. But I sure would like to get more information.
 
Thank you,
Ken Moyer R
From:	Joe Holmes <joeholmes1@verizon.net>
Sent:	Thursday, October 12, 2006 3:30 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Protecting the Florida home owner

Mr. Bush,
 
How can anyone vote for C. Crist for Governor?  He has no email to contact him...  Does that mean he doesn't want to hear from us or is it that he just doesn't care to communicate with Floridians?   He has not protected the Florida home owner and has the audacity to tell us he NOW will do something about the Insurance crisis he helped create here in Florida.  
 
Please pass this along to Mr. Crist because I want to communicate with him the reasons I will not vote for him in November.
 
Thank you,
 
Joe Holmes
Independent
From:	Michael May <mmay1@swfla.rr.com>
Sent:	Wednesday, October 11, 2006 10:00 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	KATHRINE HARRIS

SHAME ON YOU MR BUSH!! YOU SHOULD BE ON TV AND IN THE PAPERS BACKING KATHRINE HARRIS.SHE DID A GREAT JOB FOR YOU AND  DID HER JOB RESULTING IN THE USA HAVEING A GREAT PRESIDENT.
                             MIKE MAY
From:	Rubarb34@bellsouth.net
Sent:	Wednesday, October 11, 2006 2:20 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Katherine Harris

As our leading Republican, I insist that you do the right thing immediately.  Publically support Katherine Harris in her bid for Bill Nelson's Senate seat in TV ads, radio and key Florida newspapers.  Thank you.
From:	Barbara Colaianni <bcolaianni@restorationspecialists.com>
Sent:	Wednesday, October 11, 2006 3:18 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	[*] Charlie Crist

Hi Gov Bush, My name is Barbara Colaianni and I was born in the same town as
Charlie Crist, Altoona PA.  I went to Fairview Elementary School back in the
1950's.  There were two teachers by the last name of Crist that taught
classes at that school. They were sisters, one of their first names was
Mary, and I think she was the principal.  The other sister, I don't remember
her first name but I think she taught 5th or 6th grade.  If you could
forward this to Charlie Crist, I would be interested in knowing if the Crist
sisters would have been relatives of Charlie Crist. For the past six plus
years Ocala, Florida has been my home. My email address is
lcoly@earthlink.net.


From:	Robert Bolton <bolton233@aol.com>
Sent:	Tuesday, October 10, 2006 9:49 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	RNC-Scam????

Robert Bolton
3875 Toby Ave.
Valkaria, FL 32950-4147


October 10, 2006

The Honorable Jeb Bush
Governor of Florida
The Capitol, 400 S. Monroe St.
Tallahassee, FL 32399-0001


Dear Governor Bush:

Dear Jeb,
I have been a Republican since I turned 18 some 22 years ago and a public 
employee for over 16 years. Tonight I received a call from what I thought 
was the RNC. They first asked if I was happy with the job that George was 
doing. When I answered yes, they informed me that we had to act quickly to 
stop the Democratic Party, especially Hillary Clinton from getting into 
office. I agreed and they asked if I could contribute to the cause. When I 
agreed, someone else immediately started talking about how to pay for my 
contribution. The representative wanted me to pay be credit card or ATM. I 
explained that I was out working in my yard and did not have access to my 
wallet. The representative again asked for my credit card or ATM, I asked 
that they send a pledge voucher and I would remit payment. At that point, 
the representative said there was not enough time for that and hung-up. I 
find this odd of the RNC and think that it is a SCAM!!. If not, I find it 
appalling of the RNC to act in this fashion.

I ask that you investigate this situation and inform me of your findings.

Sincerely,
Robert J. Bolton
3875 Toby Ave.
Valkaria, FL 32950
772-633-8049

Sincerely,


Robert J. Bolton
772-633-8049

This message has been verified by CapwizXC as authentic and sent by this 
individual.  Authentication ID: [WWP43Ef4]


From:	Rubarb34@bellsouth.net
Sent:	Tuesday, October 10, 2006 3:54 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Katherine Harris

As our leading Republican, I insist that you do the right thing immediately.  Publically support Katherine Harris in her bid for Bill Nelson's Seante seat in TV ads, radio and key Florida newspapers.  Thank you.
From:	randyca@bellsouth.net
Sent:	Tuesday, October 10, 2006 3:00 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	President In 2008

Dear Governor Bush,

I am writing to encourage you to seek the 2008 GOP nomination for US President.  Our nation continues to need strong, honest leadership.  The names I've heard mentioned for possible front runner status concerning the GOP nomination for US President are John McCain, Rudolph Julianni,  Mike Huckabee, and Mitt Romney.  I am a registered Democrat, because of local politics, but for national elections the Democrats have always been far to liberal for me.  In the past I supported Richard Nixon, Gerald Ford, Ronald Reagan, George H W Bush and our current president and your brother President George W Bush.  I don't look forward to having to support any of the current contenders for President.  The Democrats are out of contention for me, but in conclusion,  I will support whomever the GOP nominates, I would like that to be you. 

Sincerely 
Randy Carroll
Raleigh, NC  

From:	Sid Wise <swise22@cfl.rr.com>
Sent:	Tuesday, October 10, 2006 2:55 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Cc:	swise22@cfl.rr.com
Subject:	Support for Katherine Harris

Dear Governor Bush,
 
I want to thank you for the great leadership you have provided for our state.  I am hopeful that you will run for presidency of our nation sometime in the future.  I believe that you are one of the most respected leaders in our nation.
 
I want to ask you to speak out forcefully and often in support of Katherine Harris.  I have not heard much support for Katherine Harris coming from Republican leaders.  
 
I don't understand why Bill Nelson keeps winning here in Florida.  We need to defeat him.  A Harris win would be a great blow to the Democrats' plan to win the senate.
 
Thank you,
 
Sid Wise
2615 Lowell Circle
Melbourne, FL 32935
321-253-2354
From:	Maria McCarthy <mmccarthy1@cfl.rr.com>
Sent:	Tuesday, October 10, 2006 11:31 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Election Day

 
 
 

 


Please support Katherine Harris in her bid for Nelson's seat.  It is imperative as our  leading Republican that you support her in TV ads, radio and newpapers.
From:	Barbara Knauff <barbknauff@usa2net.net>
Sent:	Tuesday, October 10, 2006 10:31 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	congratulations and thank you
Attachments:	Barb Knauff.vcf

Governor I am writing not expecting you to reply or even read this.  I know that you will soon be leaving the position to which you were elected by the citizens of Fl.  I voted for you, I worked hard for you.  I prayed often for you.  You have become someone who is not the same person that won the first and second term to serve our state.  I am disappointed in you beyond words.  What has happened to you?  I do not understand and many of us do not understand your treatment of our Republican nominee for the U.S. Senate. What on earth is wrong with you?  You stand with her the day she announced her candidacy and said you would campaign for her.  Several weeks later, you tell the press:"She can't win"  Who are you to say that she can't win?  Is this what you say to your daughter who is fighting drug addiction?  You are disgusting.  Not only did you not help Katherine Harris, you did everything possible to hurt her.  Then you go and endorse Tom Lee before the primary that is exactly why many folk I have talked with will not even cast a vote for him or work for him.  Not because of him but you.  Then you go to Pennsylvania and campaign for the senatorial candidate there but not in your own state.  Not only did you withhold your support but the RPOF followed you.  What damage you have done.  You have not given Katherine one dime of the $500.000 Morse gave to the party.  Ken Melman states that the resources given to candidates is up to the state party.  Are you taking orders from Karl Rove?  No wonder the Republican party will lose big in November.  Thanks to you for helping achieve this.  You will be gone so it doesn't matter to you.  It may matter to your brother. The Republicans deserve everything that is happening and will happen November 7. because of leaders like you .Congratulations and thank you for the damage you have done to the Republican party of Fl. because of your arrogance.
 
Barbara Knauff
Leesburg, Fl.
352-365-6393
From:	Maria McCarthy <mmccarthy1@cfl.rr.com>
Sent:	Monday, October 9, 2006 6:38 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Fw: Election Day

 

 


Please support Katherine Harris in her bid for Nelson's seat.  It is imperative as our  leading Republican that you support her in TV ads, radio and newpapers.
From:	Mark Warme <mwarme@bellsouth.net>
Sent:	Sunday, October 8, 2006 11:29 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Job Well Done

Dear Governor Bush, 
 
 Thank you for the great work you have done in your service to the citizens of Florida.
You just might be the best Governor this state has ever had!
Great job with tax reduction, and overall financial discipline with the budget.
You have made tremendous effort and achieved good results with our public education system.
 
Thank you for 8 wonderful years, 
Sincerely,
Mark Warme
 
 
p.s.: Can you run for President?
From:	Evan & Virginia Roberts <e_vrob@hotmail.com>
Sent:	Sunday, October 8, 2006 5:04 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Nov elections

To the Florida GOP...
 
PLEASE start a campaign urging Rep. voters to vote a straight Republican Party ticket.  This will be a clear way to avoid voting for Foley in order to hold the seat.
 
Thanks for your consideration.
 
Virginia Roberts
From:	LRTRET3@wmconnect.com
Sent:	Friday, October 6, 2006 5:14 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	(no subject)

Dear Govenor Bush, 

As a republican I am asking you to please support Katherine Harris.  We really need 
her in the U.S. Senate.  She stands for all the things we believe in, we cannot have 
six more years of Nelson.  Please do what you can to publically support her.  Our 
club believes you may be able to put adds in the newpapers, on the radio and 
on t.v.  Please Sir, do what you can, she has backed President Bush from day one. 
Thank you, we need her and we need your support.  My husband agrees and requests the same. 
Sincerely yours, 
Loretta Tuttle
From:	Venuti, JP <JPVenuti@keytrak.com>
Sent:	Wednesday, October 4, 2006 2:35 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Bumper Sticker

Howdy!
 
I would like to know if there was any way I could get a Jeb Bush for Governor bumper sticker for my truck here in Texas. 
 
Thanks,
JP Venuti
1809 Rosebud Court
College Station, TX 77845
 
From:	SOUBAY@aol.com
Sent:	Tuesday, October 3, 2006 7:57 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Get out there and do something!

Jeb, it sounds like Republicans have a good chance in Florida this year, maybe if you would get off your high horse and stump for Katherine Harris she could actually win.

The treatment she has received from the NRP is shameful after what she did for W in 2000.

You could help the party win and do the right thing for her at the same time.

John Gabel
Life long Republican.
From:	Dixi Darlyn <DDhere@webtv.net>
Sent:	Wednesday, October 4, 2006 8:26 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Cc:	DDhere@webtv.net
Subject:	Re: Governor Jeb Bush's IN THE NEWS... Friday, September 29, 2006
Attachments:	Governor Jeb Bush's IN THE NEWS... Friday, September 29, 2006

Dear Governor,
I enjoy your web page very much!  Thank you for taking the time to
enlighten Floridians as to what is really happening in our beautiful
state.

Have you considered running for President?  

I can not think of any candidate more knowledgable & worthy of that
office, than you sir.  My friends & I would certainly do what ever we
could to support you.  Please consider it?
Our country needs you, and more to the point we trust you to lead us
into a future that holds so much more promise - than we can only hope
and pray for.

Sincerely yours,

Shirley Mack

From:	shazimillo@netzero.net
Sent:	Wednesday, October 4, 2006 4:20 AM
To:	jeb@jeb.org
Cc:	jeb@jeb.org; Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	A Faithful Conservative asks you for . . .

Dear Governor Jeb Bush

I write you now to call attention to a dedicated Conservative whom deserves you support, and

needs your backing: Rep Katherine Harris !

She has one the Florida GOP Primary fair and square  - - now it is time for you to whole-heartily endorse her in her quest for the U.S. Senate against incumbent DemoCRAT Bill Nelson . .

 

 

                         Chad Castagana, of Woodland Hills

From:	Phil Dragoo <phildragoo@msn.com>
Sent:	Tuesday, October 3, 2006 10:58 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Please support Katherine Harris

We need good judges on the Supreme Court--only a conservative Republican Senate can provide them.
 
Please support Katherine Harris.
From:	felix <fandino@cfl.rr.com>
Sent:	Tuesday, October 3, 2006 10:43 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Campaign for Katherine Harris

Dear Jeb,
 
Please campaign for Katherine Harris.
She's a courageous woman that in 2000 stood by the rule of law and took much heat by rightfully upholding the vote count for your brother.
 
Frankly, I'm mystified by you and Pres. Bush for your lack of support for her.
You can undo a lot of bad feelings that we "grass roots" conservatives have for the establishment that is bent on throwing our candidates under the bus.
Bill Nelson is a do-nothing, bleeding liberal that wants to tax us to death, kill the unborn and just plain not a good representative to our State.
Please reconsider your lukewarm support of Katherine and show us once again why we supported you in your previous campaigns.
 
Sincerely, In Christ
 
Felix Andino
Poinciana, Florida
From:	cmdrzero <drdog.hounddog@verizon.net>
Sent:	Tuesday, October 3, 2006 10:40 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	harris

  	
please campaign with/for harris
 
just what is the problem?


			
Add FUN to your email - CLICK HERE!
From:	Jane Hayes <jchayes1_1999@yahoo.com>
Sent:	Tuesday, October 3, 2006 9:40 PM
To:	jeb@jeb.org; Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Katherine Harris

Dear Governor Bush,
 
As Ms Harris is running for the Senate as a Florida Republican, I ask you, our top Republican, to campaign statewide on her behalf.  
 
While I may not always have my choice of candidates, I will always vote Republican.  It would be a great benefit if Floridians knew you support the Republican Party.
 
Seeing your face and hearing your voice ask all to vote for and support Katherine Harris will be monumental against Bill Nelson.
 
Sincerely,
 
Marion and Jane Hayes
Panama City, Florida
 
PS  I always enjoy your mother's messages at election time.  Maybe she will help out too!

  _____  

Do you Yahoo!?
Get on board. You're invited to try the new Yahoo! Mail.
From:	Rubarb34@bellsouth.net
Sent:	Tuesday, October 3, 2006 7:48 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Katherine Harris

As our leading Republican, I insist that you do the right thing immediately. Publically support Keathine Harris in her bid for Bill Nelson's Senate seat in TV ads, radio and key Florida newwpapers.
From:	Melissa Penrod <melissa.penrod@gmail.com>
Sent:	Tuesday, October 3, 2006 6:58 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Please Run For President

This country needs another President Bush. If you dont run in 2008 you should at least run in 2012. We have already had two Presidents Bush that were the two best ever elected to office in our country. I know my email won't influence you but I was just reading about the prospects of another President Clinton and it scared me so bad I had to email you. 
From:	Maria McCarthy <mmccarthy1@cfl.rr.com>
Sent:	Tuesday, October 3, 2006 11:41 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Fw: Election Day

 


Please support Katherine Harris in her bid for Nelson's seat.  It is imperative as our  leading Republican that you support her in TV ads, radio and newpapers.
From:	Allan O'Guinn <oaleepope@AOL.com>
Sent:	Monday, October 2, 2006 9:37 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Elections

Allan O'Guinn
P. O. Box 2342
Carbondale, IL 62902-2342


October 2, 2006

The Honorable Jeb Bush
Governor of Florida
The Capitol, 400 S. Monroe St.
Tallahassee, FL 32399-0001


Dear Governor Bush:

I think you would make a good president of the U.S.A.!  Please run and 
help implement what your brother and Father have already done!

Sincerely,


Special Secret Service Agent O'Guinn
618-529-4801

This message has been verified by CapwizXC as authentic and sent by this 
individual.  Authentication ID: [v7320THL]


From:	Rubarb34@bellsouth.net
Sent:	Monday, October 2, 2006 1:55 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Katherine Harris

As our leading Republican, I insist that you do the right thing immediately. Publically support Katherine Harris in her bid for Bill Nelson's Senate seat in TV Adas, radio and key Florida Newspapers.  THANK YOU.
From:	Pastor Carl Stephens <stephensc@faithassembly.org>
Sent:	Monday, October 2, 2006 1:02 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Katherine Harris support

Good afternoon, Governor Bush,

I respectfully would like an explanation of why you choose to not publicly support Katherine Harris. 

You may either reply by email or call my cell phone at 321-689-1030.

Thank you, Sir,

Carl Stephens

Senior Pastor

Faith Assembly of God

2008 N. Goldenrod Road

Orlando, FL  32807

407-275-8790

www.faithassembly.org

 

From:	claudia carter <claudiacart@cox.net>
Sent:	Sunday, October 1, 2006 11:48 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Foley replacement

Dear Governor Bush,
 
In spite of the fact that I am a Californian, I totally support you and your brother, who just happens to be
probably the best president since Lincoln.  You are tops and I wish you would stay in political office
for the good of our country.  But, I also believe in the family and your right to a personal life.
 
Here's the deal...I know it would be a temporary step down, but is there any way possible you could
be the "write-in" candidate for that scum Foley?  How could he do this to our party and our country???  
 
Anyway, it's
only for 2 years and you are the only person that would be a guaranteed winner.  What do you think?
Is it legally possible?  I realize the Republicans have this albatross of following the law, unlike the
democrats, so, is there a legal way and would you consider it?  We love you and totally support
you in whatever you do.  You are the most competent governor in our country!!  Thank you very
much for your service to God, country, and your countrymen and women!
 
God bless you and your family.
Please run.
Claudia Carter
claudiacart@cox.net 
1174 E. Main St #65
El Cajon, CA 92021
From:	Caran Jones <caran942@comcast.net>
Sent:	Sunday, October 1, 2006 8:09 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Support Katherine Harris for State Senator

Dear Mr. Bush,

Please step up and support Katherine Harris in her run for U.S. Senator. We need your support and expect it from you as a leader in strong position in the state. Please schedule to appear at events with her and make it clear that you support her in her campaign against a liberal pro abortion (pro murder), pro homosexual Nelson.

We have supported you always, contributed to your campaigns and been at rallies on your behalf. You have even kissed our baby, Cassidy, who is now 13 years old.

We will NOT be able to stand behind you in the future unless you stand with Katherine Harris. Thank you for taking a strong stand for conservatism in our country's politics. Only a strong stand from our leaders as well as from the common people will win the long term battle for our country's values.

Thank you,


Caran Jones
12623 Mission Hills Circle North
Jacksonville, FL  32225
From:	Sharon Arnold <garnet57@stx.rr.com>
Sent:	Saturday, September 30, 2006 4:18 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	[*] RUN FOR SENATE

Dear Gov. Bush,

    I am not a Florida State resident, but my grand-daughter is.  She is a 
teacher in the Kissemmee School District , her name is Julia Horton.  She is 
also a recent graduate of Florida State University.  I have had the pleasure 
to visit your city of Tallahassee several times as she was going to school 
there.  I am also a hugh fan of your brother, the President of the United 
States.  The reason I am writing you is to ask you, since you can't run for 
governor again, if you have thought about running for the Senate since your 
state has just had a GOP Senator resign from office.  I think you could do a 
lot of good not only for the Republican Party or your home state, but also 
for the people of this United States.  We need people like you and your 
family to continue to lead our country in a way that it needs to be lead.

Sincerely,

Sharon L. Arnold
2837 South Sea Drive
Corpus Christi, Texas 78418

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
I am using the free version of SPAMfighter for private users.
It has removed 2006 spam emails to date.
Paying users do not have this message in their emails.
Try SPAMfighter for free now!


From:	benellifas@alaweb.com on behalf of Fred Smith <benellifas@alaweb.com>
Sent:	Friday, September 29, 2006 3:59 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Foley

Hello, Gov. Bush.  I've just heard about Sen. Foley's mess of stupid crap.  Have
you considered stepping up and running for the Senate since your at the end
of the term limits for Gov.  I believe your probly the only one who could step
in this late and win this seat.  Thanks for your time, Fred Smith.

From:	DSOURS@aol.com
Sent:	Friday, September 29, 2006 12:10 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Election of Katherine Harris

Thanks for finally providing some support for the election of Katherine Harris to be our next Florida Senator.  Please encourage all Republican Party administrators, candidates, and potential voters to support and vote for her election.

Please continue to remind all Florida voters to vote for all of the Republican candidates because we do not want to give more power to Sens. Reid, Leahy, Levin, Kennedy, Kerry, Rockefeller, Durbin. and other Democratic Senators.  Likewise, we do not want more power for Reps. Pelosi, Hoyer, Rangel, Conyers, Obey, Hastings, and other Democratic Representatives.

David & Jeanne Ours
1070 Hampstead Lane
Ormond Beach, FL 32174
386-586-5457
From:	Donna Nichols <dnichols@cityofedgewater.org>
Sent:	Wednesday, September 27, 2006 4:18 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	governor

I want you to continue to be our Governor, but I understand that you cannot.  Therefore, I'd like to know who you will be voting for.  I want the person who will handle Florida the most like you have in the past.
From:	mimaof5@bellsouth.net
Sent:	Tuesday, September 26, 2006 9:38 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Katherine Harris

As our leading Republican, I insist that you do the right thing. Publically support Katherine Harris in her bid for Bill Nelson's Senate seat in TV Ads, radio, and key Florida newspapers. 
Sincerely,
Marilyn Labonte

From:	TQMWED1@aol.com
Sent:	Tuesday, September 26, 2006 4:26 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Katherine Harris

Please support her for governor as we supported you.
From:	Dvpcinc@aol.com
Sent:	Tuesday, September 26, 2006 4:44 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Run For President

Dear Governor Jeb Bush,

How do you deal with all the insults to our President? It hurts me to see such hate among americans. Why can't we work together DEMOCRATES AND REPUBLICANS, for the good of all? The people who would want to do us harm just need to watch the news to see us falling apart. We need to be one nation under God, 
not a divided nation. I am republican and voted for you and the President. I have been pleased with the results you have both given us all. If the Clintons wont go away then the Bush name should not either.Please consider running for President.

Diana Villarreal
From:	Rubarb34@bellsouth.net
Sent:	Tuesday, September 26, 2006 10:31 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Katherine Harris

As our leading Republican (and the best governor we've ever had), I insist that you do the right thing immediately.  Publically support Katherine Harris in her bid for Bill Nelson's Senate seat in TV Ads, radio, and key Florida newspapers.
From:	Rubarb34@bellsouth.net
Sent:	Monday, September 25, 2006 3:59 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Katherine Harris

As our leading Republican, I insist that you do the right thing immediately.  Publically support Katherine Harris in her bid for Bill Nelsons Senate seat in TV Ads, radio, and key Florida newspapers.
From:	Maria McCarthy <mmccarthy1@cfl.rr.com>
Sent:	Monday, September 25, 2006 8:55 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Fw: Election Day


Please support Katherine Harris in her bid for Nelson's seat.  It is imperative as our  leading Republican that you support her in TV ads, radio and newpapers.
From:	john <beltdrive@speedeenet.com>
Sent:	Sunday, September 24, 2006 11:16 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	C. Crist

Sir,
    First I will hate to see you leave office.
 
We have attempted to contact Mr. Crist office by all means available.  We are concerned that if elected as Governor, he will introduce Gay Rights or Civil Unions.  No response from his site, office or any other communications.
 
Here in the Panhandle with a heavy retired military base as well as active duty, it will be the first time I and many others will not support the party if there is no clear and concise stand on his issues.
 
Thank You
 
 
We appreciate you hard work.
From:	Connie Perdue <cpermac@verizon.net>
Sent:	Friday, September 22, 2006 5:46 PM
To:	George Bush; Governor Jeb Bush; President George W. Bush
Subject:	Support for Katherine Harris

I am profoundly disappointed in you and your administration for the way you treated Katherine Harris when you visited Florida yesterday.    Unless your OUR party starts giving her your support, the Republican Party will be finished in Florida.  I and many others will stop supporting republicans running for any office.   I don't understand the partys treatment of her.  She has been a loyal supporter of your administration when it was not to her advantage to do so.   Get this party on the ball  or the whole country will be the looser.      Sincerely,   Connie M. Perdue,   New Port Richey , Fl.
			

From:	RCASNYDER@aol.com
Sent:	Friday, September 22, 2006 4:56 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Republican Party

I don't understand why YOU and the Republican party have not supported Katherine Harris 100 % in her endeavor to unseat Jim Nelson in the Senate.  I pray that you and the Republican party will publicly support Katherine Harris in her bid for Jim Nelson's Senate seat in ALL TV ads, radio and ALL Florida Newspapers. We NEED her there as much as we have needed you these past several years.
Please use you influence to get her MORE support than she is receiving.
Thank You!
A supporting republican,
Ruth C Snyder
From:	Norma Thompson <NTHOMPSON3@CFL.RR.COM>
Sent:	Friday, September 22, 2006 5:24 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Katherine Harris

Gov. Bush:
 
I realize the GOP is not totally behind Katherine Harris. But she is a conservative who is badly needed in the U.S. Senate to replace the liberal representation Florida has had for the past six years in the person of Bill Nelson, who is quite liberal and not at all the middle-of-the-road as portrayed by the biased media. He has never voted the way I've asked on any issue about which I have written him.
 
Respectfully, I ask that you [lease do what you can to help defeat him in November.
 
Thanks.
 
Norma Thompson
Deltona, Fla.
 
From:	jesseacosta <jesseacosta@bellsouth.net>
Sent:	Friday, September 22, 2006 2:30 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Katherine Harrisa Election to US Senate

As our leading Republican in the state of Florida, I insist the you do what a good republican does for his fellow running candidates.  Publically support Katherine Harris in her bid for Jim Nelson's Senate seat in TV ads, radio, and key Florida Newspapers.
 
 
Jesse J Acosta Sr
Port Orange
From:	Lorraine Sullivan <gopwv@cfl.rr.com>
Sent:	Friday, September 22, 2006 3:50 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Katherine Harris

It is shameful that you, the state Republican Party, and the RNC give such lukewarm support to Katherine Harris.  Even if you don't think she can win, I don't understand why you wouldn't at least include her in events, have her up on stage, and act like you want her to win.  Do you want a Democrat to continue as our senator from Florida?  I understand if the RNC and the state party don't want to give her money, but for heaven's sake, at least treat her like a fellow Republican!
 
Lorraine Sullivan
De Leon Springs, FL
From:	ROBERT WHITNEY <whit1465@bellsouth.net>
Sent:	Friday, September 22, 2006 1:16 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Katherine Harris

Dear Governor:

It is time for all good Florida Republicans to provide strong support for
Katherine Harris. I hope you will lead the charge.

R. C. Whitney


From:	Janet Brook <lbrook@bellsouth.net>
Sent:	Friday, September 22, 2006 9:58 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	[*] Phone

Governor Bush,
 
Yesterday I received a taped phone message from you promoting someone running for office.   Since it seems that every politician has began a phone campaign I, and most people I have spoken with, have decided that we will not vote for these people.   One of the main reasons is it has gotten to be a type of harrassment.  You should check, take a poll, whatever and see how the majority feels about the phone calls before you go any farther.  
 
Janet Brook
Milton, Florida   
From:	Rhonda & Greg <rpm4878@yahoo.com>
Sent:	Thursday, September 21, 2006 9:36 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Katherine Harris

Dear Jeb,
  As a very hard campiagner for you, in both elections, from Daytona Beach, I am very disappointed by the lack of support you have shown for Katherine Harris. As a fellow Republican, you know she could do so much more for Florida and the U.S. than lifelong politician Bill Nelson. As Governor, your endorsement and your support would be greatly helpful to the campaign for Katherine Harris. I hope you will do the right thing.                                                                        Sincerely, Rhonda Miles


"I am too blessed to be stressed and too anointed to be disappointed!"


  _____  

How low will we go? Check out Yahoo! Messenger’s low PC-to-Phone call rates.
From:	Caren Daniel <carinna@comcast.net>
Sent:	Thursday, September 21, 2006 10:07 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Support Katherine Harris

Dear Governor Bush,
 
I urge you to please stand up and support Katherine Harris against Bill Nelson!! She represents the moral and ethical values that I count extremely important. Other Floridians like myself will be watching very closely. Please keep our values a priority.
 
Thank you,
Caren Daniel
 
I am not so close to the Lord
that I cannot be closer.
			
Add FUN to your email - CLICK HERE!
From:	Mary Walker <mary.walker@era.com>
Sent:	Thursday, September 21, 2006 2:51 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Katherine Harris

Governor Bush,
Please consider supporting Katherine Harris in the coming sentorial election.  If you could schedule some appearances with her, I feel it would go a long way toward her winning the seat.  We as Republicans need to maintain control of the Senate, and this would be a great way to accomplish that end.  
Your fellow conservative Republican, 
Mary Walker
ERA Davis & Linn Realty
(904) 641-1400
cell (904) 635-5642
 
Visit my award winning website, www.maryhomes.com
 
 
From:	Henry Arnold <ironpig2@cfl.rr.com>
Sent:	Thursday, September 21, 2006 8:38 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Katherine Harris

Dear Gov. Bush:
 
We are asking for your support of Katherine Harris for the senate. We are very disappointed that the Republican party has turned their back on a qualified candidate. The silence of non-support speaks very loudly not only to Republican voters, but to the "other party".
 
We thank you and hope you will reconsider.
 
Henry and Diane Arnold
134 Ormond Pkwy.
Ormond Beach, Florida  32176
From:	daneriksen <daneriksen@bellsouth.net>
Sent:	Thursday, September 21, 2006 1:20 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	[*] Support Katherine Harris

Dear Governor Bush,
 
I urge you to publicly support Katherine Harris immediately.  Surely you don't believe this state or nation needs Bill Nelson in the Senate any longer.
 
Dan Eriksen
206 Sandspur Lane
Deland, Fl.32724
386-736-1799
From:	Caroline Hill <timcarw272@yahoo.com>
Sent:	Thursday, September 21, 2006 11:02 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	[*]

I am  a supporter of Kathleen Harris and I don't understand why she is not supported by the Rep of Fl. Mrs. Hill.

  _____  

Yahoo! Messenger with Voice. Make PC-to-Phone Calls to the US (and 30+ countries) for 2¢/min or less.
From:	Jose Suro <jsuro1@tampabay.rr.com>
Sent:	Wednesday, September 20, 2006 7:26 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Cc:	Oreilly@foxnews.com; Hannity@foxnews.com; Special@foxnews.com; investigates@ABCactionnews.com; sandrews@wfla.com; takingaction@wfts.com
Subject:	The Republicans just lost my vote

Dear Jeb,
 
My wife and I have been Republicans forever, voting not only for you, but also for your Father and Brother. It is with great sadness in my heart that I must inform you that not only will I vote a full Democrat ticket in the upcoming elections, but I will also campaign with everyone I can reach to get all Republicans out of government in Florida. The mismanaged, insurance fiasco in our state just hit our pocketbooks today, when we received a cancellation notice from Citizens and a change to Florida Peninsula Insurance, along with a 278% increase to our premium, and no options. This country was founded on freedom of choice and countless millions of Floridians now have none when it comes to insurance.
 
I find it impossible to believe that you and other Republicans in office could be so incompetent in the face of this monopolistic threat to our beloved State.  So, I must assume that you all have yielded to the pressure of business interests without any regard to your constituents. Although I am not a part of this group, you have abandoned millions of senior citizens on fixed incomes that have lived in Florida for twenty and thirty years and now stand to lose the equity on the sole asset that most own, their homes.  I am one of the luckier ones that can afford the increase, but it makes me sick to have to be forced to pay it. Again, I consider that my freedom of choice has been severely eroded. We placed our trust in you and you have failed not only us, but countless other millions of Florida residents. This will not stand.  
 
Best,
 
Jose Suro
Tierra Verde, Florida
 
 
 
 
 
From:	Griffun@aol.com
Sent:	Thursday, September 21, 2006 12:24 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Please run for President

 
 
Jeb;
 
 
America and the Rebulican Party need you to run for President.
 
Your brother and father have both done wonderful jobs, and now you need to take over.
 
There is no one else that I can see that is suitable.  Please, please.  We don't need Hilary or C. Rice in office.
 
 
Thank You;
 
 
Ginger Hughes
po box 388
Brownsville, Ca. 95919
530-675-9175
From:	Dave Meldeau <davemeldeau@mpinet.net>
Sent:	Wednesday, September 20, 2006 11:07 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Elections

I was hoping for some guidance on the upcoming Florida elections.  I want to vote for the candidates who will best carry on the ideals you have established in your tenure.  I live in Orange County so any suggestions you might provide for me would be very helpful.

 

Thank you for all you have done for us all-

 

Dave Meldeau

Owner/ President, Outer Island Resources

6319 Huntsville St

Orlando, FL 32819

407-491-4393

davemeldeau@mpinet.net

From:	tony ledbetter <miraclevisor@msn.com>
Sent:	Wednesday, September 20, 2006 9:25 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	[*] KATHERINE HARRIS

WE NEED KATHERINE HARRIS AS OUR SENATOR NOT THE OTHER GUY 
 
THIS IS VERY IMPORTANT 
 
PLEASE SUPPORT HER AS I HAVE SUPPORTED YOU AND PRES. BUSH 
 
THANK YOU 
 
 
TONY LEDBETTER PRESIDENT 
MIRACLE LACE VISOR INC 
475 CARSWELL AVE 
DAYTONA BEACH FL. 32117
 
WWW.MIRACLELACEVISOR.COM
 
1-800-583-9580
1-386-254-3402   FAX
From:	KATE CROCKETT <kcrockett@cfl.rr.com>
Sent:	Wednesday, September 20, 2006 8:01 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Support Harris Not Nelson

Please make it known that we need to support our Republican candidates. Do you really want Nelson to win?

From:	Edward Marusa,Jr. <e-m@cfl.rr.com>
Sent:	Wednesday, September 20, 2006 6:39 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Our next Senator

I think it's time you supported our next Senator, Katherine Harris.  She's 
the only person who ever has a chance to beat Nelson.  You and your part of 
the party have been wrong all along.  GET BEHIND HER!
Ed 

From:	John <jcsc@ucnsb.net>
Sent:	Wednesday, September 20, 2006 4:15 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Katherine Harris

Governor JEB Bush,
 
        I earnestly asl you to support our Party's nominee for Florida's next senator,   Katherine Harris.
 
Thank you.
 
John C.S. Coffin
jcsc@ucnsb.net
 
From:	meljan <meljan@bellsouth.net>
Sent:	Wednesday, September 20, 2006 3:58 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	<Support for Katherine Harris

Jeb:  You are such a good Governor.  ALL of Republicans need to support Katherine Harris rather than her opponent.  Help us!  Jan & Mel Syverson
From:	Bob Kindergan <bobkinfl@bellsouth.net>
Sent:	Wednesday, September 20, 2006 3:44 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	[*] Support Katherine Harris

I am very disappointed in the Republican Party in Florida.  If you had a better candidate, where was he/she?  Ronald Reagan's 13th commandment is: Never speak ill of aother Republican!!  Come out and support the only viable candidate for Senate in Florida.  Silence will enable the Democarts to say, "even Gov. Bush spoke ill of her". 
Robert Kindergan, Ormand Beach
From:	barbara hanson <missbarb@cfl.rr.com>
Sent:	Wednesday, September 20, 2006 2:09 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	K  .HARRIS

Please get behind K.Harris and encourage support thru- out the state for her to get elected on Nov. 7th. as our Senator. Thanks, Barbara Hanson President, Atlantic Federated Republican Women's Club
From:	jj32746@yahoo.com
Sent:	Wednesday, September 20, 2006 2:38 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	[*] Katherine Harris

My Honorable Govenor,
 
   As a Volusia County registered Republican, I write to ask for your open and demonstrable support of Senate Candidate Katherine Harris.  The lack of this kind of support presents a splintered party to your state's constituents which I fear will worsen as Crists' campaign continues it's left leaning slide.  It also seems unprofessional and 'tart' which I refuse to accept as your intention.  
 
  You will be deeply missed!
 
 


From:	DSOURS@aol.com
Sent:	Wednesday, September 20, 2006 1:34 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Cc:	jamescar@bellsouth.net
Subject:	Katherine Harris

The Senate and the US need every possible Republican senator. Please fully endorse Katherine Harris now.
Don't permit, as the Orlando Sentinel headlined on Monday, Sept. 18: "GOP leaves Harris to fend for herself".
Thanks,
David and Jeanne Ours
Ormond Beach, FL 32174
From:	Coop0184@aol.com
Sent:	Wednesday, September 20, 2006 11:33 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Katherine Harris

Dear Governor Bush,
 
I am writing this e-mail in the hope of  persuading you to publicly support the candidacy of Congresswoman Katherine Harris for US Senate.
 
We need her in the Senate. Her values are in alignment with our party and our President. We need her in office to help President Bush get his agenda through the seemingly Liberal Senate.
 
Your consideration in this matter would be greatly appreciated.
 
Sincerely,
Mr. and Mrs. Cooper
Volusia County
 
 
 
From:	Nancy Coriale <nancyd1102@yahoo.com>
Sent:	Wednesday, September 20, 2006 10:13 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Katherine Harris

Governor Bush,
 
Floridians NEED Katherine Harris as our next US Senator!  She needs you and President Bush backing her and only her.  Katherine showed her loyalty to the President during the 2004 election, now it's her turn.  PLEASE SUPPORT HER!!!
 
Thank you,
Tom and Nancy Coriale
Republican Executive Commity of Volusia County Members
Daytona Beach Shores, FL

  _____  

All-new Yahoo! Mail - Fire up a more powerful email and get things done faster.
From:	repgal55@gopvalues.com
Sent:	Wednesday, September 20, 2006 11:47 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Support Katherine Harris

I respectfully request that you show your support for Katherine Harris.  We desperately need to replace Liberal Sen. Bill Nelson.  I did not vote for her in the Primary, but feel we (all Republicans) should get behind her now.

Thank you & God Bless the State of Florida

Mary Cole

From:	FLATOY73@aol.com
Sent:	Wednesday, September 20, 2006 11:37 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Katherine Harris

September 19th, 2006
 
Dear Governor Bush,
 
I am writing this e-mail to implore you to openly and publicly support Katherine Harris's candidacy for US Senate.
 
Congresswoman Harris is a viable candidate who believes in and stands up for what we as a party hold near and dear to our hearts.
 
It is time we retire the very liberal Bill Nelson, and hopefully,(God willing) hold on to our majority in Congress. I do not have to tell you how important this is.
Our wonderful President,  your brother cannot afford to have Democratic control in Congress. 
 
I hope you will give this matter some serious consideration.
 
Thankyou in advance for your consideration.
 
Joanne Cooper
Volusia County Republican
From:	Fladope@aol.com
Sent:	Wednesday, September 20, 2006 11:35 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Katherine Harris

Dear Governor Bush,
 
My purpose for this e-mail is to ask for your consideration to publicly support the candidacy of Congresswoman Katherine Harris for US Senate.
 
The grassroot workers support her. Many of us are working very hard to get her message out. We need your help. We believe your support would be instrumental. We all saw what your endorsement meant for Tom Lee. We are hoping you can do the same for Ms. Harris.
 
Please consider my request.

Sincerely,
Glenn Cooper
Volusia County Republican
 
 
From:	Shane Crosby <crosby@totcon.com>
Sent:	Wednesday, September 20, 2006 11:25 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Katherine Harris

Honorable Governor , Please give Katherine Harris your support , I believe
she will  serve our  State and Nation well . Shane Crosby
From:	Bill & Sue Bramer <bramers@bellsouth.net>
Sent:	Wednesday, September 20, 2006 11:02 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	SUPPORT KATHERINE HARRIS

Governor Bush:
 
We need you to speak out for Katherine Harris.  Your own words were used against her when you said "I don't think she can win."  Now is the time to start believing otherwise.
 
Best,
 
Bill Bramer
Recording Secretary
Republican Executive Committee of Volusia County
From:	Ginny Desiderio <ginny1945@gmail.com>
Sent:	Wednesday, September 20, 2006 10:38 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Support Katherine Harris

Dear Governor Bush:
 
Please publicly announce your support for Katherine Harris.  There should be no question in any Republican's mind that we should all support her.  She is certainly much more qualified than Bill Nelson.  I look forward to seeing you campaign with Katherine, and to you announcing your support of her. 
 
Thank you
 
Ginny Desiderio
Port Orange, Fl 32127
From:	Charles Griffin <advaitin@earthlink.net>
Sent:	Wednesday, September 20, 2006 10:24 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Time to bite the bullet

Dear Gov. Bush,
 
My local Republican chairman says I should write you asking that you put out some effort on behalf of Katherine Harris. Now, I don't normally do more than vote regularly and volunteer infrequently, so I can't say I'm the best Republican around. I even voted for McBride in the primary, but Harris won. I suspect a lot of Republicans are more outraged by the way the party leaders have been treating her and this is leading to a sympathetic rise in voting for her.  
 
So, yes, I'm writing to ask that you begin to campaign on her behalf, at least mention her favorably once in a while. She just might garner enough sympathy and renegade Democrat votes to pull off the supposedly impossible goal of defeating Bill Nelson (Whom I'd like to call "Nil Nelson" and whose current ad make much of how reactive rather than proactive he really is). If she does win, won't you and the rest of the top Republicans look silly for opposing her. 
 
If you think it's too embarrassing, just look how long North Carolina Republicans had to suffer under Jesse Helms' onus. Could it be worse for us? Plus, we need to retain the majority in the Senate, so get out there and do your bit--Please!
 
 
Charles Griffin
Photographer-Writer
2007 S. Peninsula Dr.
Daytona Beach FL 32118
386-255-0076
advaitin@earthlink.net
 

From:	Tara O'Gorman Creative Memories <tara.ogorman@prodigy.net>
Sent:	Wednesday, September 20, 2006 10:15 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Support of Katherine Harris

Mr. Bush,
 
Please support/endorse Katherine Harris!  She is an AMAZING woman!  WOW what she can do for us in the Senate with all her energy!  I can't imagine another 4 years with Bill Nelson!
 
I am a woman business owner and active republican and I want her in the Senate!
 
Thank you for your hard work - our family prays for you daily.
Sincerely,
 
Tara H. O'Gorman
Creative Memories Unit Leader
4684 Chardonnay Dr.
Port Orange, FL 32129
(386) 763-3836
tara.ogorman@prodigy.net
www.creativememories.com/taraogorman
 
LEAVE A HISTORY.  NOT A MYSTERY
 
Tara H. O'Gorman
AFRWC Newsletter Editor/Webmaster
386-852-2391
www.afrwc.com

From:	zischkau@695online.com
Sent:	Wednesday, September 20, 2006 10:15 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Cc:	jamescar@bellsouth.net
Subject:	Electing a Republican U.S. Senator

Dear Governor:

Thanks for your delicate and effective handling
of the Republican primary season, where so many
fairly conservative candidates were faced off
against each other, each wishing they had your
endorsement.  My only regret was that Randy Terry,
whom I knew personally when he started Operation
Rescue in NYC, didn't win his primary for Florida
Senate against Jim King.

However, now I am concerned that Katherine Harris
needs a big endorsement to accelerate her
candidacy against that disaster, Sen. Nelson.
Since you are, with good reason, the most
popular politician in our State, could you
help us out with your warmest possible endorsement
of her candidacy?

Respectfully yours,
Herb Zischkau
Attorney at Law
1202 Sacramento St.
Deltona, FL 32725
RECVC Pct. 426
(386) 532-6600
From:	DON QUINN <DONQ@BERLINDENYS.COM>
Sent:	Wednesday, September 20, 2006 10:13 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	HARRIS

PLEASE SUPPORT KATHERINE AS OUR SENATOR.
THANKS
DON QUINN
ORMOND BEACH
From:	Per Saverstrom <perjoan@bellsouth.net>
Sent:	Wednesday, September 20, 2006 10:13 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Kahterine Harris

Jeb, 
As the Republican leader of our State, we insist you do the right thing immediately.  Please publically support Katherine Harris in her bid for Jim Nelson,s Senate seat.  We need to see you voicing this support now on TV, radio, and in our leading newspapers.
 
Per and Joan Saverstrom
107 Cypress Grove Lane
Ormond Beach, FL 32174
From:	Jim Coffield <jamescar@bellsouth.net>
Sent:	Wednesday, September 20, 2006 10:06 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Please Support Katherine Harris

Dear Governor Bush,
 
Please stand with your support for Katherine Harris to our junior Senator from Florida.
 
Respectfully,
 
Jim Coffield
 
 
SunFest Shutters	 Hurricane Protection	
	
Jim Coffield 	SunFest Shutters
913 Woodstream Lane
Ormond Beach, FL 32174 	
jimcar@695online.com 	tel: 
fax: 
mobile: 	386 366-4073
386 437-2648
386 235-3011 	
	
Add me to your address book...	 Want a signature like this?	

 

From:	Michael Brigmond <alcbrigmond@juno.com>
Sent:	Tuesday, September 19, 2006 10:26 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Lets bring the party back to the Right.

Dear Governor Bush,
        Thanks for all you have done for our great state. Please don't undue it all by allowing 
Bill Nelson to be reelected.
        At 2:30 am this morning I woke up with a thought in mind that has been with me all day.
If our Republican leadership, beginning with you and including Carol Jean Jordan and the 
rest of the Republican leaders, both elected officials and current candidates, do not openly 
and actively support Katherine Harris then I must conclude that they are supporting Bill Nelson. 
Any Republican candidate who is supporting Bill Nelson, i.e., by not supporting Harris, cannot 
have my vote. I cherish it too much to waste it on those who would help Nelson to get elected. 
        Please help me to get the message out to all Republicans, especially our current list of 
candidates that if there is not a sincere, open arms embrace of Katherine Harris' campaign then 
they are the enemy, and we must not elect anyone who helps elect the ultra liberal Bill Nelson. 
        I feel the same way about anyone who does not support Crist, Lee, Bronson and McCollum.
We must get the whole ticket elected, but I will not vote for any one of these men if they do not 
endorse Katherine Harris. Please don't be offended, but if I have to choose between a Democrat
Governor or a Democrat Senator, I'll go with the Democrat Governor.
        That just the way I see it and I plan to share my thoughts with every Republican I can find.
Thanks for hearing me out, now maybe I can sleep tonight. 
        Please forgive me if my message is abrasive, but I am truly angered by the drastic shift to the
Left the Republican Party of Florida has taken in the last few years, especially since Ms Jordan has
been at the helm. 
        Thanks again for the great work you have done. I really do appreciate it.
        
        Michael Brigmond
        Kissimmee, FL
        alcbrigmond@juno.com 
 
        
From:	GoldShieldLI@aol.com
Sent:	Tuesday, September 19, 2006 9:45 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	[*] Katherine Harris

Dear Sir:
It is time that you publicly show your support for Congresswoman Harris in her bid for US Senate.  The State of Florida should NOT be represented in the Senate by Bill Nelson, who has proven him self to be LEFT of Hillary Clinton.
 
President Lincoln said that "A house divided against itself cannot stand."  Please do not further divide the Republican Party by not publicly and strongly supporting Ms. Harris.
 
Sincerely,
Sandy Glover
President, Republican Club of Ormond Beach
386.295.6558
From:	Billndeefl@aol.com
Sent:	Monday, September 18, 2006 7:33 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Katherine Harris

Dear Gov. Bush,
 
     Now that the primaries are over and Katherine Harris is our senatorial candidate I hope you, your friends and the RPOF will support her. She will make a heck of a better Senator than Mel Martinez who was foisted on us by Washington. It would help a tremendous amount if you would come out publicly and say that Katherine is our choice and you are supporting her.
 
     I'm sure you don't want Bill Nelson to stay on as Senator. He sure isn't any help to the Republican Party.   
 
                                                                           Bill Nolan
                                                                           43 Coquina Ridge Way
                                                                           Ormond Beach, FL 32174
 
                                          Republican Exec.Comm. Pct 510 and C0-Chmn, County Dist. 4
From:	Laura L Shemanski <lshemanski@atlas.valenciacc.edu>
Sent:	Monday, September 18, 2006 4:22 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Cc:	lshemanski@gmail.com; laura.shemanski@ocfl.net
Subject:	Local & State Government Class

Dear Sir,

I am currently enrolled in a Local & State Government class at Valenica 
Community College in Orlando.  We are scheduled to have a mock 
Governor's debate October 11, 2006.  I and a few others are to 
represent the Republicans.  Below is the list of issues that we have to 
be prepared to speak about.  How can I find out where you and other 
Republicans stand on these issues?  Any help would be greatly 
appreciated!!

-Hurricane Preparedness
-Terri's (Schiavo) Law
-Direct Democracy Issues
-Budgeting 
-Tax Free Holiday
-The Space Coast
-Supreme Court Appointments
-Reliance on Tourism
-Agricultural Concerns
-Revitalizing Education
-Bringing New Technology to Florida
-Bringing New Members to your Political Party

Any help would be greatly appreciated!!

---------------
Laura Shemanski

From:	Jap1984@aol.com
Sent:	Monday, September 18, 2006 3:00 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Katherine Harris

Dear Governor Bush,
 
I am at a loss to understand your actions regarding Katherine Harris's run for the US Senate.  Can you explain your reasoning to me?
 
I have been a loyal republican for 28 years...a member of the local republican executive committee...an officer of the Republican Women's Club for 8 years...a constant volunteer at Republican headquarters and various campaign offices.  I am dumbfounded when I read about the sabotage you have perpetrated against Katherine Harris, who suffers to this date for being brave enough to JUST DO HER JOB during the 2000 election.
 
That is some way to treat a hardworking lady who deserves a lot more respect than you give her.  If she loses this election, it will primarily be due to your efforts.
 
Jackie Post
Jacksonville, Florida
 
From:	Tom <tomrep@verizon.net>
Sent:	Monday, September 18, 2006 10:08 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	quick questian

dear gov bush,
ON TUES NIGHT SEPT 19TH THE HILL COUNTY REPUBLICAN EX COMMITIE MEETING ISGOING TO BE TAKING PLACE AND IT  WILL  HONORING ALL OF THE CANDIDATES WHO WON THERE PRIMERYS. COULD YOU PLEASE SEND A MESSAGE TO THE CHAIRMAN ENDORSING KATHERINE HARRIS . SHE NOW IS IN A FIGHT WITH THE LIBERAL BILL NELSON AND IF HE GETS IN THE CONGRESS HE WILLK BE ABLE TO SHOOT DOWN ALL THE GOOD REPUBLICAN LEGISLATION THAT WE HAVE WORKED SO HARD FOR. PLEASE SEND A PERSONAL MESSAGE ENDORSING  KATHERINE HARRIS FOR THE US SENATE THIS WOULD GET ALOT OF PEOPLE TO HELP HER CAMPAIGN
THANKYOU VERY MUCH
TOM CHASTAIN
From:	Camp Good Days - Orlando <Orlando@campgooddays.org>
Sent:	Monday, September 18, 2006 9:09 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	I Am Deeply Saddened

To The Honorable Governor Jeb Bush
 
Dear Governor,
 
I am deeply saddened that the Republican Party has turned their back on Katherine Harris.  Shame is the word I find most appropriate since, she was the one that pulled the election votes together and allowed your brother to be president.  It is as though you want Bill Nelson to win by a landslide.  You are most guilty in the regard of association and backing to Katherine Harris and so is the "Old Boy Network"..I am also surprised at the "Old Boy" pick to run with Charlies Crist.  One needs to re-examine if it is smart to be a Republican.
 
Sincerely,
 
Barbara L. Vannier
Voter
From:	Sally D. Tuttle <saltut@verizon.net>
Sent:	Sunday, September 17, 2006 11:43 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Re:  Postage on absentee ballot cards

Dear Governor Jeb Bush:

 

I received mail from the Republican Party with your photo and message on it asking that I request an absentee ballot for early voting.  I also received an automated phone call from you personally regarding this matter.  FYI I completed the card and have mailed it in.

 

However, I noted on the card it instructed one to affix a 39 cent stamp in the upper righthand corner.  This clearly is a postcard item and one need only to put a 24 cent stamp on it.  I cleared this with our local post office to be certain I was correct.

 

This is a small matter, but think of all the cards you mailed out and how many were returned with the extra cost of 15 cents.  I have already mentioned this to someone in your Tallahassee office on the phone, but finally decided to go to you directly as well.  Whoever put this mailing together under your name should be advised of the correct postage rate.  Otherwise this is proof our Party is not very thrifty or cognizant of postal rates.  I frankly think it is embarrassing and hope future mailings give correct postal cost instructions.

 

I am the same age as your mother and have followed the Bush family for many years; in fact, voted for your grandfather for the Senate in CT ages ago.  Good luck to you in the future.  My husband and I moved to FL from CT in 1985 and have supported you and George. My husband is now deceased.

 

Sally Tuttle – saltut@verizon.net  

 

  

From:	hutson5@bellsouth.net
Sent:	Sunday, September 17, 2006 12:08 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Katherine Harris

Dear Gov. Bush:
 
Throughout this past election cycle, you and other republicans, refused to support Katherine Harris.  Now, that she has won the Republican Nomination, I hope you and the Republican Party of Florida will throw you support to her in the hopeful defeat of the liberal Sen. Bill Nelson.  I know that to many, she may appear weak, but given the opportunity to confront Bill Nelson on the issues, I feel she will be a wonderfully strong Republican Candidate.  Just as she showed strength in the 2000 election, she will be a strong voice for Florida in the Senate.
 
She deserves your support, and the support of the Republican Party of Florida.
 
Phil Hutson
9190 Parman Rd.
Jacksonville, Fl
32222-1116
(904) 771-5935
From:	Ginger Hughes <griffonlover@yahoo.com>
Sent:	Friday, September 15, 2006 6:49 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Please run for president

Jeb;

We need you to run this time.  As you know there are
no good canidates at the moment.  Please run and keep
Hilary out.

Your brother has done a wonderful job and I would like
to see you keep up the family tradition.

This country needs you.

Thanks;

Ginger Hughes
530-675-9175 
PO Box 388 Brownsville, Ca. 95919

Ginger

__________________________________________________
Do You Yahoo!?
Tired of spam?  Yahoo! Mail has the best spam protection around 
http://mail.yahoo.com 
From:	cp@PFMIN.COM
Sent:	Thursday, September 14, 2006 9:02 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	An Issue I Care About

Ck Pearce
10859 US Highway 98 W # 4-200
Miramar Beach, FL 32550-7869

9/14/2006

Dear Governor Bush:

Dear Governor Bush,

I am very dismayed that Katherine Harris was not invited on the State tour along with the other Republican Candidates.  She won with 50% of the vote because there is a large number of people who value what she has to say.  I find it deplorable that our Republican leadership has not lent any support to her but rather, has worked more against her than they have Bill Nelson.  We need Katherine in the Senate.

Please get behind Katherine and help raise funds for her campaign.  She is a person who is wanted by the people of Florida as our representative in the Senate.


Sincerely,

Ck Pearce


From:	Coy Powell <coy@pine-net.com>
Sent:	Thursday, September 14, 2006 3:55 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Katherine Harris for Senate

Dear Governor,
 
The Primary is over; Katherine Harris is the republican nominee.  Now, I ask you sir, to get behind her in her race for the U.S. Senate, and encourage the Florida GOP to do the same. Ms. Harris will support our President for the next two years; Senator Nelson will NOT.  I realize that you also will be working for your new Governor, but  I am sure you will have time to campaign for Mrs. Harris, she certainly deserves your backing and help to take the senate seat to the Republican side of the Senate.  I do not live in your state, but what happens in Florida affects what happen in the rest of the US.
Sincerely,
Coy Powell

From:	Lauren Volley <monique_pac@msn.com>
Sent:	Wednesday, September 13, 2006 5:43 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Cc:	monique_pac@msn.com
Subject:	[*] Where do you stand in politics

Dear Governor Jeb Bush,
 
Hi my name is Lauren Volley. I doing a  school project on Democrats vs. Republicans. Me personally I'm Democrat. Although, I know your a Republican I still would like to know your views on both parties, and why you chose to be a Republican. Thanks in advance.
 
Sincerely,
 
 
Lauren Volley

  _____  

Got something to buy, sell or swap? Try Windows Live Expo 
From:	Chandra Malamud <cemalamud@hotmail.com>
Sent:	Tuesday, September 12, 2006 4:09 PM
To:	jebbush@jeb.org; Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Katherine Harris

PLEASE let's get behind Katherine Harris and stop this negativity and apathy 
within our party. Please help, Governor Bush, to rally Republicans behind 
our elected nominee - Katherine Harris. It is the right thing to do!

Respectfully,

Dr. and Mrs. Fernando Malamud


From:	CStonebrea@aol.com
Sent:	Monday, September 11, 2006 11:12 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Please..............

..................support Katherine Harris well! 
Understand much of your time and energy must go toward the Governor's race, but we know Ms. Harris would be very good for FL.
 
Thank you!
 
Sincerely,
Ron and Connie Stonebreaker
Longboat Key
From:	Tazscooti@cs.com
Sent:	Sunday, September 10, 2006 1:39 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Dear Governor


   Dear Governor Jeb Bush, 

Now that Rep. Katherine Harris has won the Florida GOP 
primary fair and square, you are obliged to support her fully yourself, as you have not bothered to run for U.S. senate against Nelson for his seat in the Congress ! 

From one republican to another, for fidelity and integrity, win or lose, you are honor bound to support this brave lady in her uphill fight againstThe 'Crats, no matter what the odds are for winning or losing . 


                          Chad Castagana, of Woodland Hills, CA 

               
From:	User731@aol.com
Sent:	Sunday, September 10, 2006 1:11 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	68 year old repulican thinking of voting straight Democratic party

I have been and voted republican party all my life. Being retired and forced to return to work my perspective and conscience has come to a cross road.My old company has been taking away benefits that I worked for all my life. The republican has allowed this. I pay into social security and receive no additional benefits. This means by working I am getting less social security. The insurance industries has choked the fixed income people out of this state. The gas industries is controlling the economy. We have troops dying in countries that we occupy; as even in our military code of conduct. These countries have the right and duty to rid their country of any one occupying them as you would. You cant tell a religious faction that they are wrong and you are right. This will never happen. All my friends who voted republican and  are saying the same as me. Vote straight democratic and send a message that giving big business the power to say the hell with everyone as long as the bottom line pads my pockets. I hope your staff gets this message to you, and you get this message to Washington. It is a difficult  that I have come to this decision. By me even sending this message should show you of my sincerity. Please be warned that this  also can happen in the national election.
I remain
Ronald Costa
68 and *%$$*#
From:	clydescars@aol.com
Sent:	Saturday, September 9, 2006 8:42 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	support for Katherine Harris

 Governor Bush,I have been a supporter of yours and the republican party for several years,but I'm really disappointed and disturbed in what I'm seeing of late from you.It seems you'll NOT support Katherine Harris' campaign in OUR state yet I recieved a letter with your name in the return corner of the envelope stumping for Mark DeWine in OHIO!!Whatever happened to loyalty?I think that through the years,Katherine Harris has shown an unyealding loyalty to the Republican party and to the Bush family.I ask you to think back on the support she has shown for you and yours and you my realize you owe her just a little in return.Thank you,Clyde Hughes,Orlando,Florida(NOT OHIO)
  _____  

Check out the new AOL. Most comprehensive set of free safety and security tools, free access to millions of high-quality videos from across the web, free AOL Mail and more.

From:	Toni M <naplesonthegulf@yahoo.com>
Sent:	Saturday, September 9, 2006 11:15 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Your post election 'Victory Tour'

Dear Gov. Jeb Bush,

Your post election 'Victory Tour' and the obvious
missing candidate elect...what were you thinking?

We are offended by the snub of Katherine Harris.

She won because she was voted in. It was an affront
not only to Katherine Harris but also to those of us
that did get out to the polls.

Shame on you.

Toni and Ken Morelock
Naples, FL 34102

__________________________________________________
Do You Yahoo!?
Tired of spam?  Yahoo! Mail has the best spam protection around 
http://mail.yahoo.com 
From:	Tony Story <awstory@yahoo.com>
Sent:	Saturday, September 9, 2006 10:31 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	FL Senate Race

Dear Governor Bush,
 
The Primary is over; Katherine Harris won.  I beseech you sir, to line up behind her and encourage the Florida GOP to do the same.  Ms. Harris will support our President for the next two years; Senator Nelson will NOT.
 
Thank you so much.
 
Tony Story

  _____  

All-new Yahoo! Mail - Fire up a more powerful email and get things done faster.
From:	JulieRNR21@aol.com
Sent:	Saturday, September 9, 2006 8:45 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Cc:	jeb@jeb.org
Subject:	Please Endorse Katherine Harris

Dear JEB:

We have a good chance of defeating Nelson and gaining another Republican seat in the Senate....if you use your enormous popularity and the favorable impression you enjoy to urge Floridians to vote for Katherine Harris.

Please call a news conference, invite Congresswoman Harris and let's get her campaign going!

I volunteered for you in your previous campaigns and I live in Sarasota County.  I have worked hard to elect our GOP candidates and I ask you to please work actively to elect Harris to the Senate.

Sincerely, 
Julie Brady
Committeewoman
Precinct 6 Osprey


From:	Nancy <bufnan1@bellsouth.net>
Sent:	Saturday, September 9, 2006 7:23 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	You should be ashamed of yourself

The Republican nominee for U.S. Senate, Katherine Harris, was not invited on a 'unity' tour by GOP leaders, including Gov. Jeb Bush.


You should be ashamed of yourself !!!




From:	JStacy1176@aol.com
Sent:	Friday, September 8, 2006 8:14 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Kathrine Harris

Dear Governor Bush, Sir:
 
First let me say I am and always have been a supporter of you and your brother The President but I can't quite understand the politics of not supporting Katherine Harris especially since she has earned the right to be on the ballot against Senator Bill Nelson.  I must agree with Mrs. Harris that Bill Nelson has accomplished very little if anything for the residents of Florida I would think that if you and Charlie Crist and other prominent Republicans would support her she may very well stand a chance against a do nothing person like Mr. Nelson.  Mrs. Harris showed she had the courage to do the right thing when she validated the election in 2000 in favor of President Bush. It seems as though she has had to fight her way into the political arena ever since with little help from her colleagues.
 
I hope to see in the future you showing some support for Mrs. Harris since you and I along with many other Floridians know that Katherine Harris will work harder for the people of this state than Bill Nelson ever has.  It only makes since to me that you would support her especially now that her only opponent is a Democrat that's best accomplishments are how often he can get his face in front of a TV camera.  Bill Nelson uses every  opportunity 
know matter how insignificant to keep his Name and face in the public eye and we know name and facial recognition goes a long away, some times even more than ones accomplishments.,
 
Governor Sir you may have reason's that I along with others are unaware of concerning Mrs. Harris, but I along with many other Republicans would rather have a fighter like Katherine Harris than a slow talking do nothing like Bill Nelson.  We just need your help in persuading some Democrats and Independents in the state that the people would be better served by a strong and capable woman like Mrs. Harris.
 
Sincerely,
Joyce Stacy
 
 
From:	Heidi <heidihk@cfl.rr.com>
Sent:	Friday, September 8, 2006 12:24 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	 Orange Co.  Governors Candidate Forum

Importance:	High

 

Hello!

 

Central Florida High School PTSA’s have invited the Florida Gubernatorial candidates to participate in town hall type forum with our Orange County high school students.  The letter below highlights the program format.  

 

On behalf of our high school PTSA’s, we would greatly appreciate it if you would assist us in our efforts in getting a commitment from the candidates and encouraging their participation in this wonderful event.  Please contact them (contact info below) and let them know that this forum, with students from 17 high schools, will go a long way towards creating democratic minded citizens.  

 

We have been in touch with both Crist’s and Davis’ offices, and we are getting a very positive response and tentative commitments from their campaign offices, however, they have not provided a firm commitment.  Please let us know if you get any feedback that would assist us as we plan for this event.  Any other guidance or thoughts are also appreciated.

 

Also, please mark this date on your calendar as we would love to see you there!

 

Thank You,

 

Heidi Koch

WOHS PTSA President

wowptsa@cfl.rr.com

407-656-4340

 

Please send the program information below along with your note of encouragement/endorsement to:

 

Charlie Crist Campaign

(850) 656-9445

Charlie Crist - charlie@charliecrist.com 

George LiMieux – Campaign Manager   george@charliecrist.com

Delmar Johnson – Orlando office Delmar@charliechrist.com

Katie Bohnett – Scheduling  - katie@charliecrist.com

 

Jim Davis Campaign

(813) 875-2006

Jim Davis  jimdavis@jimdavis2006.com

Eli Fleet – Scheduling  efleet@jimdavis2006.com

Jen O’Malley – Campaign Manager  jomalley@jimdavis2006.com

Alex Enriquez – Orlando office  aenriquez@jimdavis2006.com

 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

ORANGE COUNTY TEENS FLEX THEIR POLITICAL MUSCLE

 

West Orange, Dr. Phillips, and Olympia High School PTSA’s (Parent, Teacher, Student Assoc.), in conjunction with Orange County Public Schools are hosting a Governors Candidate forum.  We have invited the Florida Gubernatorial candidates to participate in a town hall style forum with high school teens from the 17 Orange County High Schools.   

 

The proposed format is as follows:  

*	Each of our 17 high schools will provide 1-2 students (mainly 18 year old voters)
*	Selected students will participate in a town hall style, question and answer format with the candidates.  
*	Topics will be provided to our high school student government classes in advance, and the students, with the help of their advisors, will have an opportunity to devise the questions. 
*	The questions will be geared toward child, teen, family, education, and community issues.  
*	Orange County Public Schools (OCPS) is the 12th largest school district in the nation.  This forum will allow the candidates to interact directly with students from 17 high schools!

 

A wonderful component of this program is that it encourages our students to research and engage in the process prior to the event and election.    Another positive aspect is that it will also likely promote stimulating family conversations regarding the upcoming election. The preparation and event itself will go a long way towards engaging these young adults and our Central Florida community!

 

Our high school PTSA’s are very excited about this opportunity for our high school students to learn about the political process, and the role they can play.  We are also delighted that OCPS has invited us to combine our forum with their annual Share the Vision conference.  In addition to the approximately 30 students that will be selected to interact with the candidates, the 800 seat capacity audience will consist of additional high school students, business and community members, parents, special guests, legislators and media.  Our 17 district high schools will also be able to see the taped event on their school stations.  We will also actively pursue local, state and national media to cover the event. 

 

Again, please note the following important details

Event:                          Share The Vision/Governors Candidate Forum 

       Orange Co. Teens Flex Their Political Muscle

Date/Time:                   October 11th – 3:00 pm 

Location:                     Jones High School, Orlando

 

 

Heidi Koch

Orange Co. Teens Flex Their Political Muscle, Chairwoman

WOHS PTSA President

heidihk@cfl.rr.com

(407) 656-4340

 

 

 

 

From:	Joe Dawley <joe.dawley@gmail.com>
Sent:	Friday, September 8, 2006 4:36 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	A few brief questions.

Dear, Governor Bush.

Hi my name is Joe Dawley, I am from a small town near Atlanta Georgia.  I am looking now at the different people I feel are likely to run for president in 2008.  I was curious if you'd give your opinions on a few issues that I feel are vital today.  You have my word I am not a reporter and this will never be in a newspaper or anything this is for my personal information.  I'd like your answers to be unclouded by politics and to the point.  If I am going to support you and recommend my friends to support you I want to know you're a "straight shooter"

How do you feel about:


*	Immigration.
*	Teachers Unions.
*	The war in Iraq.
*	A Coal to Oil program. 


Thank you for your time.


-- 
Thanks,
Joe Dawley
www.joedawley.com
joe.dawley@gmail.com

All that is gold does not glitter,
Not all those who wander are lost; 
The old that is strong does not wither,
Deep roots are not reached by the frost.

From the ashes a fire shall be woken,
Alight from the shadows shall spring;
Renewed shall be blade that was broken:
The crownless again shall be king. 

-The Riddle of Strider, J.R.R Tolkien 
From:	McDuffie, Doris <DMcDuffie@dos.state.fl.us> on behalf of Secretary of State <secretary@dos.state.fl.us>
Sent:	Friday, September 8, 2006 1:00 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	FW: Orange Co.  Governors Candidate Forum [bcc]

Importance:	High

Please review email – requesting an endorsement from the Governor.  

 

Department of State

Office of the Secretary

500 S Bronough Street

Tallahassee, Florida 32399-0250

Telephone:  (850) 245-6500

Facsimile:  (850)245-6125

 

 

-----Original Message-----
From: Heidi [mailto:heidihk@cfl.rr.com] 
Sent: Friday, September 08, 2006 12:24 PM
To: jeb.bush@myflorida.com
Subject: Orange Co. Governors Candidate Forum [bcc]
Importance: High

 

 

Hello!

 

Central Florida High School PTSA’s have invited the Florida Gubernatorial candidates to participate in town hall type forum with our Orange County high school students.  The letter below highlights the program format.  

 

On behalf of our high school PTSA’s, we would greatly appreciate it if you would assist us in our efforts in getting a commitment from the candidates and encouraging their participation in this wonderful event.  Please contact them (contact info below) and let them know that this forum, with students from 17 high schools, will go a long way towards creating democratic minded citizens.  

 

We have been in touch with both Crist’s and Davis’ offices, and we are getting a very positive response and tentative commitments from their campaign offices, however, they have not provided a firm commitment.  Please let us know if you get any feedback that would assist us as we plan for this event.  Any other guidance or thoughts are also appreciated.

 

Also, please mark this date on your calendar as we would love to see you there!

 

Thank You,

 

Heidi Koch

WOHS PTSA President

wowptsa@cfl.rr.com

407-656-4340

 

Please send the program information below along with your note of encouragement/endorsement to:

 

Charlie Crist Campaign

(850) 656-9445

Charlie Crist - charlie@charliecrist.com 

George LiMieux – Campaign Manager   george@charliecrist.com

Delmar Johnson – Orlando office Delmar@charliechrist.com

Katie Bohnett – Scheduling  - katie@charliecrist.com

 

Jim Davis Campaign

(813) 875-2006

Jim Davis  jimdavis@jimdavis2006.com

Eli Fleet – Scheduling  efleet@jimdavis2006.com

Jen O’Malley – Campaign Manager  jomalley@jimdavis2006.com

Alex Enriquez – Orlando office  aenriquez@jimdavis2006.com

 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

ORANGE COUNTY TEENS FLEX THEIR POLITICAL MUSCLE

 

West Orange, Dr. Phillips, and Olympia High School PTSA’s (Parent, Teacher, Student Assoc.), in conjunction with Orange County Public Schools are hosting a Governors Candidate forum.  We have invited the Florida Gubernatorial candidates to participate in a town hall style forum with high school teens from the 17 Orange County High Schools.   

 

The proposed format is as follows:  

*	Each of our 17 high schools will provide 1-2 students (mainly 18 year old voters)
*	Selected students will participate in a town hall style, question and answer format with the candidates.  
*	Topics will be provided to our high school student government classes in advance, and the students, with the help of their advisors, will have an opportunity to devise the questions. 
*	The questions will be geared toward child, teen, family, education, and community issues.  
*	Orange County Public Schools (OCPS) is the 12th largest school district in the nation.  This forum will allow the candidates to interact directly with students from 17 high schools!

 

A wonderful component of this program is that it encourages our students to research and engage in the process prior to the event and election.    Another positive aspect is that it will also likely promote stimulating family conversations regarding the upcoming election. The preparation and event itself will go a long way towards engaging these young adults and our Central Florida community!

 

Our high school PTSA’s are very excited about this opportunity for our high school students to learn about the political process, and the role they can play.  We are also delighted that OCPS has invited us to combine our forum with their annual Share the Vision conference.  In addition to the approximately 30 students that will be selected to interact with the candidates, the 800 seat capacity audience will consist of additional high school students, business and community members, parents, special guests, legislators and media.  Our 17 district high schools will also be able to see the taped event on their school stations.  We will also actively pursue local, state and national media to cover the event. 

 

Again, please note the following important details

Event:                          Share The Vision/Governors Candidate Forum 

       Orange Co. Teens Flex Their Political Muscle

Date/Time:                   October 11th – 3:00 pm 

Location:                     Jones High School, Orlando

 

 

Heidi Koch

Orange Co. Teens Flex Their Political Muscle, Chairwoman

WOHS PTSA President

heidihk@cfl.rr.com

(407) 656-4340

 

 

 

 

From:	Deme Varidin <dvaridin@ij.net>
Sent:	Friday, September 8, 2006 10:06 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush

Jeb, I just finished emailing Charlie....according to the
paper today you are ignoring Katherine Harris.
You chose to go along with Charlie on his Fl tours and
there are other candidates with you, but not Harris.
I voted for her and if you do not take her along the
tours of Fl, then "grin face nelson" will win.
 
I think Katherine has the mental capacity and guts to
win this seat....so do NOT ignore her but INCLUDE
her in your tours.
I'm extremely disappointed in you and I voted for you
twice.
 
Deme Varidin, Realtor
St. Petersburg
dvaridin@ij.net
From:	Francesd <francesd@tampabay.rr.com>
Sent:	Friday, September 8, 2006 10:14 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	(no subject)

Governor Bush:

A note to express I think you are the best Governor this state has ever 
had and I know quite a few democrats who feel the same way.  You've done 
more for this state than anyone.  You sure couldn't be accused of being 
a "do nothing" Governor.

I've been a Republican all my life, I'm now 71 years old.  I'm very 
disappointed in the way you have not united behind Katherine Harris, 
especially since she's won this primary.  I wouldn't have voted for any 
of the other three and feel she's been shafted.  Many republicans like 
her and voted for her.  If the other three hadn't been on the ticket, 
she would have had more votes.  I thought the Republican party had the 
"big tent" and included all who wanted to be Republicans.  If Florida 
continues to ignore her and say she shouldn't be on the ticket, this is 
where I get off and will not ever send another penny to any of the party 
nor will I vote for any of them in the future.  I wish you'd think about 
this even if she can't win.  I pray go God she'll surprise all of you 
and I'm thoroughly disgusted with our pary.  Yesterday I had a phone 
call from Findlay, Ohio, from a Republican who works the polls, and 
another woman.  She couldn't believe the party has treated Katherine in 
this manner, especially after she took what she did in 2000.

I'm sorry but I know this just isn't right and you of all people should 
realize this isn't right.

Sincerely,

Fran Dismore, Clearwater, Fl. 33761
From:	Donna Hall <donnahall51@hotmail.com>
Sent:	Wednesday, September 6, 2006 7:46 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	nra and immigrants

I know Charlie Crist is for the NRA as so am I.  But which candidate is against illegal immigrations?  That is the one thing the irks me to no end!  Why are we paying taxes for them??    I would like to know which candidate will not allow more aliens into the U. S.	
			

From:	Jerry Slay <jd7529@isp.com>
Sent:	Wednesday, September 6, 2006 6:23 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Request for Support

Dear Gov. Bush,
    I just saw on the evening news, provided by WJHG-TV, Panama City, Fl, where they indicated you are not supporting Katherine Harris in the race for the Senate seat currently held by Bill Nelson.  I truly hope that is in error.
    My feelings are that even though some may have felt earlier that she could not have stood a chance against Nelson, she has now fully won the election for the Republican ticket and deserves full support of the Republican leadership, all office holders and citizens in the Republican Party.  I hereby request that you make an announcement in which you intend to fully support her so that we can rid of the likes of the liberal Bill Nelson.  With proper support, Ms. Harris can beat him.  However, if she is shunned by her own party, what chance could she have?
    I have fully supported you in your two terms and I believe she now deserves the same support.
 
Thank you,
 
Jerry Slay
Bonifay, FL
850-547-5532
From:	Samuel Hope <sa353535@aol.com>
Sent:	Wednesday, September 6, 2006 9:36 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Faith Based Initative !!!??

Samuel Hope
#9 birch haven place
palm coast, FL 32137-9338


September 6, 2006

The Honorable Jeb Bush
Governor of Florida
The Capitol, 400 S. Monroe St.
Tallahassee, FL 32399-0001


Dear Governor Bush:

Mr Bush as you know the elections are upon us  and I would like to be 
educated in what each candidate stands for and what is important to them 
that also might be inportant to me .I just want to know what does "Faith 
Based Initiative" mean????

Thank You 
Samuel Hope

Thank You Very Much


Samuel Hope
407-597-4588

This message has been verified by CapwizXC as authentic and sent by this 
individual.  Authentication ID: [89kogxg4]


From:	Granville Sharpe Jr. <ctrades@aol.com>
Sent:	Wednesday, September 6, 2006 8:12 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	2008

Granville Sharpe Jr.
1110 Seminola Blvd.,
Casselberry,, FL 32707-3519


September 6, 2006

The Honorable Jeb Bush
Governor of Florida
The Capitol, 400 S. Monroe St.
Tallahassee, FL 32399-0001


Dear Governor Bush:

Please run.

Sincerely,


Granville Sharpe, Jr.   
407-782-9022

This message has been verified by CapwizXC as authentic and sent by this 
individual.  Authentication ID: [BYF33Ko6]


From:	Charlene Lariosa <clariosa@bellsouth.net>
Sent:	Tuesday, September 5, 2006 10:14 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Recommandations

Who do you recommend for your replacement, also for the senate, judges etc, etc.....? Would really appreciate your guidance and counsel.
 
Sincerely, 
 
Charlene & Larry Lariosa
.
From:	w_mill@bellsouth.net
Sent:	Monday, September 4, 2006 6:48 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	[*] Florida Primaries

Who does Governor Jeb Bush support for the next Florida Governor?
 
Thanks.
 
The Millers
From:	ron@addisonmortgage.com
Sent:	Monday, September 4, 2006 12:19 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Candidate Support

Please list all of the candidates for all offices that Mr. Bush is endorsing.  Thank you.

R  o  n     G  e  r  l  a  c  h .
Sr. Loan Officer with Addison since 1992
The Addison Mortgage Group, Inc.
1515 S Federal Highway, Suite 400, Boca Raton, FL 33432
561-479-8613  Direct      561-431-3178  Fax
ron@addisonmortgage.com
www.rongerlach.com



From:	B T <bturner5926@hotmail.com>
Sent:	Monday, September 4, 2006 10:57 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	[*] An important request

Dear Governor Bush,

First, thank you for your service to our country. In this age of cut-throat journalism that is more interested in a headline than the truth, only those with a mental deficiency or immense courage would choose to serve in public office. You and your wife are definitely in the latter group.

Second, and most importantly, please give strong and serious consideration to running for the Presidency. We need men and women of character based on a firm moral and spiritual foundation to lead in these last days. I have every confidence, given enough time and the proper resources, you can clearly set yourself apart from your predecessors. Brother George has done things differently in some cases than your venerable father would have. This has already been pointed out by the media. While they strive to use those differences as clubs to attack the President, it shows logical voters that each Bush is his own man, not bound by the conventions or actions in office by other family members. Your handling of significant crises over the last 8 years, both natural and man-made, are true indicators of your ability to make right choices under extreme conditions. You have maintained your poise and displayed true compassion and concern over the plight of the citizens of Florida irrespective of their social standing or political affiliation. These are qualities we need and deserve in our President.

 

Thank you for your patient and prayerful consideration. May God continue to bless you and your family beyond anything your could as or think.

 

Bob Turner

Montgomery, AL

 


  _____  

Check the weather nationwide with MSN Search: Try it now! 
From:	Pat Tallman <ptallman@cox.net>
Sent:	Monday, September 4, 2006 10:44 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	The 9-5 Primaries.....

Please advise me if Governor Jeb Bush has announced his support for any of the candidates for Governor.
 
I think Charlie Crist is way too liberal for me.  I'm anxious to know what Jeb thinks!!!!
 
 
Thank you.
Pat Tallman
Pensacola, FL
From:	JALDRICH@aol.com
Sent:	Sunday, September 3, 2006 8:16 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	US SENATE RACE

Governor Bush,
 
I know you have received other emails on this subject, but I want you to hear my voice on this matter as well.
 
I know you care deeply about what happens to our State, and to our Nation, in the days ahead.  That is why I can not understand why you have said that Katherine Harris can not win against Democrat Bill Nelson in November, yet you have failed to endorse any of the other Republican candidates.
 
I urge you to endorse, in the strongest manner and at your earliest opportunity, LeRoy Collins.  You can not find a better candidate to meet the needs and challenges that we face, in this Great State of Florida, and in these United States of America.
 
Best regards,
/s/ James H. Aldrich, Jr.
Registered Republican
18008 Forest Retreat Lane
Tampa, FL 33647
Tel: 813-929-4964
 
From:	Michele Vogel <mpv3@mindspring.com>
Sent:	Sunday, September 3, 2006 7:05 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	US Senate Race

Dear Governor Bush
 
First let me thank you for the gracious appointment and re-appointment to the Children's Board of Hillsborough County. It has been a position that I have loved and we are doing really amazing work on behalf of the Children of Hillsborough County.
 
Secondly, I plead with you to endorse Leroy Collins for the U. S, Senate. While he has received major endorsements throughout the state,  we still lack the resources for the television blitz that would so help in these last days before the primary. Your voice and leadership would make the difference!
 
Sincerely,
 
Michele Vogel
Lutz, FL
From:	Sherman Alexander <budalxandr@earthlink.net>
Sent:	Sunday, September 3, 2006 4:39 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Republican Image

Dear Governor Bush,
 
Let me start by congratulating you for your service to the citizens of Florida while serving as Governor.
 
Having said that, I must admit that I am perplexed about how you can sit on the sidelines of the U.S. Senate race and not state a preference for one of the candidates.  If all goes according to the polls, the Republican Party in Florida will be represented by an undistinguished, weak, certain-to-lose candidate, for the November election -- Katherine Harris -- and the Democrat candidate will retain his seat in the Senate with effectively no opposition.  This situation will reflect poorly on your position as the leader of our party; and your commitment to give the citizens of Florida the kind of leadership they deserve in the Federal government.  I'm sure this has not escaped your consideration and I'm positive you have made an obvious decision to stay out of primary politics -- but why?  Florida Republicans need -- must have -- your leadership.  It is unfair and unlike you to remain on the sidelines while serving as the elected leader of our state.  You have a responsibility to make a choice, just like all the voters of Florida.
 
I have made a choice.  LeRoy Collins, Jr. is an obvious choice for Republicans but he faces an uphill battle against Harris,  a  candidate who you have said "can't win".  He has the experience and integrity that we need in the Senate.  I'm sure you have evaluated the other candidates, as I have.  Will McBride has no experience in business or the military and only scant experience in his chosen profession.  I sincerely doubt that he could stand up to Nelson in a debate.  No doubt McBride has potential but he is just too young and too inexperienced to be a viable candidate for the U.S. Senate.  The other candidate, Peter Monroe, completely lacks any attraction for voters as shown by his standing in the polls.  That brings me back to LeRoy Collins.  He needs your endorsement.  He has the experience and ability to take on Nelson.  And, as I'm sure you are aware, he has been endorsed by six leading Florida newspapers.  He has an unblemished record and a legacy from his father that he has followed throughout his service to Florida and the nation.  His pledge of one term in office would provide time for grooming the next Republican for the office and set the stage for Republican control for years to come.  He is Senatorial and he can win for the Republicans.  
 
Please don't make the mistake of remaining mute on the Senate race.  You are the Republican leader.  You have a responsibility to speak out and make your choice known.  I trust that would be LeRoy Collins, Jr.
 
Sincerely,
Sherman G. Alexander
Capt. USN (Ret.)
626 Saxony Blvd.
St. Petersburg, FL 33716
 

From:	K2tmk2tm@aol.com
Sent:	Sunday, September 3, 2006 11:57 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Run For Presidency

Dear Governor Bush:
 
Please reconsider running for our next president.  We need your experience, good sense, pragamatism and leadership in Washington.  We also need to continue the tradition.
Sincerely,
C. Thomas Massey
Clearwater, FL
From:	marfca <marfca@bellsouth.net>
Sent:	Saturday, September 2, 2006 7:22 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	governor race

dear sir,
Both candidates for govenor in the gop both state they 
will continue to run the state as you have done,( and quite well I must say),however I'm unsure this voting cycle of which to vote for.Crist or Gallagher, I'm sorry I haven't had much time this year to follow as closly  as  I would like to. 
Which candidate are you backing?Thank you.
                                  Carl
From:	karenlynndodson@bellsouth.net
Sent:	Friday, September 1, 2006 11:40 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush

Dear Govenor Jeb Bush,

I have watched the campaign ads and who you indorsed.  
I must say I have trusted your father, brother and you with my family and my life.
YOu all have been forth right, honest and direct and to the point.
You stuck to what you beleived in and never slapped stick to what voters wanted to hear.
I need your help please...
I have been campaigning for Tom Gallagher since day one. I have elected without regret to give him the time instead of my business since I felt you endorsed him and that he was a true and worthy man of loyalty.

I belong to the REpublican executive committee and the Republican Veterans of Indian River County.
I have been going to the meetings and last night at the rally for Tom Gallagher I saw something from 
a group of Republicans of Indian River County that brought tears to my eyes............
I trully need to know if you support Tom Gallagher for Govenor. This will not go any furhter than you and I but what I saw last evening turned my stomach into a rolling ball of upset to see fellow Republicans having no honor of loyalty.  Please if you will let me know a simple yes or no.

See, everyone seems to vote early, me a traditonal soul that I am along with my husband and son we still have to cast our votes.  

Remember the vote that was so close, many of us believe to wait traditionally for the vote. 

Best wishes
Karen L Dodson


From:	Jeff Burns <mburns61@ewol.com>
Sent:	Friday, September 1, 2006 10:50 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Elections

I would like to know who Governor Bush endorses to take his place as Governor of Florida in the upcoming election and why?
 
Is this information available?  I see the TV ads but one never knows if they are true of not.  
 
God bless,
Michelle Burns
Port Charlotte, FL
From:	SallyandBill <sambler1@cfl.rr.com>
Sent:	Friday, September 1, 2006 5:42 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Your choice for next Governor

Dear Governor Bush,
 
First I want to thank you for being a great Governor, I have appreciated how you have stood firm for us all.  I hope you will consider running for another office I would support you in anything you decide to do.  I would also understand if you took time off, as I know being a leader can be very demanding.  God Bless you and your family.  
Sir will you please tell me who you would recommend for our next Governor I know that the man you recommend would be as honest as your are.  at this time I am confused who to vote for in the Republican party.  Yes no matter what it has to be our party, for I believe this state and our great country would be in a bad situation if the other party  gets in.  
Thank you Sir for taking the time to read this e-mail, and thank you for being our Governor, and for your great family from your father, mother brother, his wife and your wife.
Thank you
Sally Ambler
From:	david a&joy l shumate <djhnshu@earthlink.net>
Sent:	Friday, September 1, 2006 4:58 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Elections

Mr. Bush,
I think you have done a fine job as governor and if you could run again you'd have my vote.
Of the Republican candidates seeking your job, who would you choose?
Thank You
 
 
Dave and Joy Shumate
djhnshu@earthlink.net 
 
Praise Him!
 

From:	Paul Bernhardt <pbernhardt@cfl.rr.com>
Sent:	Friday, September 1, 2006 4:08 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	[*] Republican Party of Florida is failing us

Governor Bush,

 

There has not been an election that I haven’t voted for a Bush.  And I am very proud of that fact.  Neither you, your father or brother have ever made me sorry for voting for and financially supporting your campaigns.  We will all miss your leadership when you terms end.

 

I believe the Republican Party of Florida is in deep trouble.  The problem is a lack of leadership, conviction and the ability to instill confidence in the Republican candidate’s ability to lead.  Attached is a letter I am mailing to Carole Jean Jordan in reply to a letter where she asks if we have upset you and then asked for money.  Unfortunately, the reason many Republicans are not donating is we are upset with the candidates and nobody cares – they just want money.

 

I don’t know if there is anything you can do about this, but if the national Republican Party is going the way of Florida, we are all in a lot of trouble.

 

Regards,

Paul Bernhardt

3780 Charleston Loop

Oviedo, FL 32765

pbernhardt@cfl.rr.com

 

 

September 1, 2006

 

 

 

Ms. Carole Jean Jordan

State Chairman, Republican Party of Florida

PO Box 311

Tallahassee, FL 32302-9987

 

Reference:        Your letter, “Have we done something to upset you?”

 

 

Dear Ms. Jordan:

 

The simple answer to your question is yes.  I hope you or one of your staff members takes the time to read this because I am a long time Republican (voting for 40 years).  This year, I am very disappointed in all the Republican candidates at all levels for their positions and the way they have conducted themselves in their respective races.  For the first time, I am really embarrassed to even be voting for any of them.  Please take the time to hear why I am not contributing.  I have heard many of the same comments from fellow Republicans in the Central Florida area.  Somebody needs to fix the Republican Party or we are doomed to being the “out of power” party for decades to come.

 

First, in the race for Governor, both Charlie Crist and Tom Gallagher are an embarrassment to anyone listening to their debates (term used loosely).  Neither of them would address any issues.  The personal attacks remind me more of Nancy Pelosi and Harry Reid complaining about everything and not proposing any solutions of their own.  Both used the phrase “family values” to the point where the term makes no sense.  The only thing saving the Republican Party in the governor’s race is the equally bad Democratic Party candidates.  If either of them comes across as decent sort of human being, he will beat either Crist of Gallagher.

 

Second, I am really disappointed in Tom Fenny for not taking the time this campaigning season to address his constituents in the 24th Congressional District.  Being unopposed has its benefits.  It also has its obligations.  The message sent is, “My seat is assured and I don’t have to listen to any of you.”  I have been one of the strongest supporters of Tom Feeney.  Unfortunately, he seems to be getting caught up in the power of Washington, DC and not with the real issues of his district such as small business defense contractors employing people in the 24th District being forces out of business by the consolidation of large contracts to companies like Lockheed Martin, SAIC, Northrop Grumman, General Dynamics, Raytheon and CSC.  Tom used to be approachable.  It doesn’t seem to be that way now.

 

Third is the race for United States Senator.  I think we all agree that Katherine Harris is not electable.  The State Republican Party has even said so.  With that said, why did the State Party fail in its responsibility to get someone to run against her in the primary?  Where is the leadership at the highest levels of the Party?  It would appear that the Republican ticket will run a candidate that is not supported by the State Party.

 

The Florida caucus is in unanimous support of continuing the ban against off shore drilling - this in spite of the new safe guards in drilling and transporting gas and oil from off shore rigs.  Now we get to have the Cuban Government and the Chinese drill 40 miles off our coast line.  In stead of just saying no, why doesn’t the Republican Party propose and take the lead in developing these resources?  Maybe additional drilling is not the answer, but just saying no without good reason is “playing politics” and not “providing leadership”.

 

My last disappointment is with a particular Republican Congressman from the Orlando area who spouts off about family values while he is anything else but a poster boy for anything resembling family values.  He is an incumbent and considered a safe seat.  However, I know many long time Republicans who plan on voting for whoever the Democrats put up against him this year and in the years to come until he is replaced.  It would be nice to allow him to quietly retire and have someone like Toni Jennings run in his place.  As long as he is in office and is allowed to represents the best of Republican Party in Florida, I will have little respect for the State Party.

 

Six years ago, the Republicans were united and stood for something.  WE elected State and Federal candidates to follow through with our wishes and their campaign promises.  To a person, they have all failed to follow through.  Now, they want us to contribute to keep them in power and continue doing nothing on their promises.  Nobody agrees on everything and I realize that.  The candidates have to realize that also.  A candidate can be pro-choice for personal reasons, but against abortion if funded with public funds.  The same goes for stem cell research.

 

Our candidates need to be leaders willing to tackle the tough question and issues.  They need to take a public stand.  And they also have to represent all of their constituents – democrats too.  Everyone will follow a real leader.  Nobody will follow and more importantly vote for someone just living off the public pay roll.

 

To be fair, I am also equally disappointed with the Democrats.  I just never thought the Republican candidates in Florida, those seeking elected office and those already in office, would stoop so low in esteem that they are indistinguishable from the Democrats.

 

 

With Kind Regards,

 

 

 

Paul Bernhardt

3780 Charleston Loop

Oviedo, FL 32765

(407) 365-4546

 

From:	Zarinelli CPO Elio D <elio.zarinelli@usmc.mil>
Sent:	Friday, September 1, 2006 11:17 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	[*] 

Governor Bush, 
Dear Sir.  As a veteran with 20 years of service, still active, I am not known for longwinded speeches.  I will therefore keep this message short and to the point.  I want you to run for President.  I am extremely worried that all of our sacrifices will be thrown away by the liberals.  God bless you and your family.  

V/R 
Elio D Zarinelli         
  

From:	Jlkessie@aol.com
Sent:	Friday, September 1, 2006 9:37 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Florida Election

Dear Gov. Bush,
 
My family has always been a big supporter of you and your family.  I personally feel this state and this country have been blessed to have you and President Bush as our leaders.  Therefore, regarding the next Governor, who would you recommend to best carry on your leadership objectives.
 
I hope you can answer this question, because I am confused after listening to the debate last Monday.
 
Thanks you for all you have done for the State of Florida, and may God always bless you!
 
Jerry Kessie
10098 84th Way N
Largo, FL 33777
Home 727.397.6397
Cell 727.460.7749
Fax 727.391.2910
From:	Jeffrey Hafer <jeffhafer@comcast.net>
Sent:	Friday, September 1, 2006 7:20 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Govenor endorsement

Dear Governor Bush:

I would be interested in knowing who you endorse as our next govenor.

Sincerely,

Jeffrey Hafer
465 NE 9th Ave
Deerfield Beach , FL 33441

From:	DavidP002@aol.com
Sent:	Friday, September 1, 2006 5:46 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Who does Jeb Bush really Like

For the offices that are coming up. It seems as if he endorses many of them for the same office. But I am sure he only likes one for a particular office.Is there a list. Thank you   David Platek 
From:	Jon Dyke <jdyke@copper.net>
Sent:	Thursday, August 31, 2006 11:22 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Who to elect for governor and chief financial officer

Good morning Governor Bush,
 
First of all, I just wanted to tell you thank you for being the best governor that Florida has ever had.  Your standards and governing has by far set the stage for what a governor is suppose to perform in his office.
 
Second,  I need your help...I don't know who to vote for.  In both offices (Governor and Chief Financial Officer the men are stated that they are following your footsteps, your agenda and you endorse them in the office.
 
Which person do you endorse to be Governor and which for Chief Financial Officer and why?
 
I will continue to do my research; however, I thought it would be nice to see who you would endorse and why...please do not give me a broad view..I need to know who really is a conservative Republican and who is qualified for the position.
 
Thank you so much,
Delsi
(just a concerned mother who want to teach good values to my family)
(813) 931-8050
From:	shelly roy <theroys@comcast.net>
Sent:	Thursday, August 31, 2006 8:36 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	I need your help voting.


Dear Gov. Bush,

I would like to know who you are voting for in the upcoming primary. For Tom
Gallagher, or Charlie Crist. I have never felt so undicided about an
election.  Without your input, I might not vote at all in this primary.

I appreciate your help.

Thank You,

Michele Roy


From:	Merle Geierman <mastermg@bellsouth.net>
Sent:	Thursday, August 31, 2006 5:27 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Re: thank lyou

Governor Bush, can you direct me to information about both candidate's and were they truely stand on the issue's. The mailers have ben not very helpful.
Thank you 
Merle Geierman

----- Original Message ----- 
From: Governor Jeb Bush 
To: Merle Geierman 
Sent: Thursday, August 31, 2006 9:55 AM
Subject: RE: thank lyou

Thank you.
 
 
 

-----Original Message-----
From: Merle Geierman [mailto:mastermg@bellsouth.net]
Sent: Wednesday, August 30, 2006 12:44 PM
To: Governor Jeb Bush
Subject: thank lyou


Governor Bush, I want to take the opportunity to thank you for doing a good job as our Governor. Praying that the next elected candidate will do as good as job as you have.
 
God Bless,
 
Merle Geierman

From:	lucy ann delapaz <luannde3@yahoo.com>
Sent:	Thursday, August 31, 2006 4:16 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Help

Hi, I am a voter in Indian River county. I personally have liked the way you have governed Florida during your term and will definately vote for you when you run for president. My problem is that I want a governer in your place that is as good as you were. Which do you support, I am confused with the information that I have been receiving, which do you support, Crist or Gallager? 
 
Please respond ASAP,
 
Lucy Ann DelaPaz

  _____  

Talk is cheap. Use Yahoo! Messenger to make PC-to-Phone calls. Great rates starting at 1¢/min.
From:	Sharon Moreau <moreaubloodstock@alltel.net>
Sent:	Thursday, August 31, 2006 11:51 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Elections

Who are you endorsing for Governor- Charlie Crist or Tom Gallager and why??

 

 

From:	Sheri Nelson <snelsonrn@tampabay.rr.com>
Sent:	Wednesday, August 30, 2006 6:59 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Thank you :)

Sheri Nelson
12915 Lussier Lane
Spring Hill, FL 34610-4532


August 30, 2006

The Honorable Jeb Bush
Governor of Florida
The Capitol, 400 S. Monroe St.
Tallahassee, FL 32399-0001


Dear Governor Bush:

Dear Governor Jeb Bush,
      My daughter Patience Nelson met you at her 4-H field trip in May of 
this year. Thank you for taking the time to invest a little time into 
childrens lives. Also, my son Aaron & our family attended "The Family 
Cafe" conference this year. We sure will miss you as our Governor. You 
have done a fantastic JOB!!! Thank you for being there for the disabled. 
If you can let us know which candidate running for our next Florida 
governor has a disability platform I would appreciate knowing as I have a 
local support group that would like to vote for friends of the disabled. 
Thank you for being a great person! A Florida Family
 Larry & Sheri Nelson & Family
12915 Lussier Lane
Spring Hill, FL 34610
813-996-3366

Sincerely,


Sheri Nelson
813-996-3366


From:	Joseph Caparros <jfc346@aol.com>
Sent:	Wednesday, August 30, 2006 6:42 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	2006 Election

Joseph Caparros
550 Water St Suite 1323
Jacksonville, FL 32202-4449


August 30, 2006

The Honorable Jeb Bush
Governor of Florida
The Capitol, 400 S. Monroe St.
Tallahassee, FL 32399-0001


Dear Governor Bush:

I am so confused with the propoganda on TV!!! It is impossible to decipher 
a candidate's platform...it seems to be just one "smear campaign" versus 
another! I have a simple question to ask, as a long term Jeb Bush 
supporter... who does Jeb Bush endorse as Governer in the upcoming 
election? (If not publicly endorsed, then "privately"...) Thanks so much! 
Joe Caparros JFC346@aol.com

Sincerely,


Joseph Caparros

This message has been verified by CapwizXC as authentic and sent by this 
individual.  Authentication ID: [e4214JIT]


From:	Meredith Gibbs <meredith@mcbrideforsenate.com>
Sent:	Wednesday, August 30, 2006 1:00 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Will McBride


Good Morning.  I met Mr. McBride at a Young Republican's meeting about 3
months ago.  Our entire group was quite impressed with his short speech. 
As we all sat and had dinner together we talked about wanting to know more
about Mr. McBride and his specific platform and beliefs.  Earlier in the
evening, the President of the Young Republicans encouraged us to pick a
campaign to give some of our time to.  I am a teacher and was off for the
summer so I decided to volunteer on the McBride campaign to see if he was
as impressive over time as he was "on stage."  A friend and I went to the
office and offered to volunteer.  That first weekend we went "on the road"
with Mr. McBride.  He sat with us and said, "Ask me anything."  We did! 
From that moment on, we decided that this was the campaign that where we
would spend our time.  I ended up spending about 45-50 hours a week in the
office and on the road.  Will has been great to voluteer for.  He is a
good man.  Everyone on his staff is devoted to him.  They are all good
people.  I've never been around a group of people who are so positive and
encouraging.
Mr. Bush, would you consider endorsing Will McBride?

Meredith Gibbs
Communication Liaison
Will McBride For US Senate
135 W. Central Blvd.
Orlando, FL 32801
407-999-4716
From:	Luis H Valdes <lhvaldes@juno.com>
Sent:	Wednesday, August 30, 2006 12:55 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Upcoming Elections



 
HELP!!!!!!!!
 
If you know a website that I can go to find out the voting records of the
candidates in the upcoming elections............PLEASE, PLEASE SHARE. 
 
Luis H. Valdes
Leesburg, FL. 34748-7598
lhvaldes@juno.com
From:	doris@alohacarpet.clearwire.net
Sent:	Wednesday, August 30, 2006 9:26 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	 Election choices




Dear Governor Bush, 
 
Please advise us of your favorite choice for a new governor and senator.  We 
want the best Christian in office and we value your opinion.

Sincerely Yours,

Adele Propst
From:	Rik Smith <smith.rik@gmail.com>
Sent:	Wednesday, August 30, 2006 8:27 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Candidate Endorsement

Governor Bush,
 
Do you endorse any of the republican candidates for governor?  Thank you for your reply.
 
Sincerely.
 
Rik Smith
From:	Cathy Phillips <cbphillips@cfl.rr.com>
Sent:	Tuesday, August 29, 2006 12:38 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	[*] Republican Primary

  

Dear Gov. Bush,

Both my husband and I are conservative Republicans who are staunch supporters of both you and your brother President George W. Bush.  We have lived in Florida for only two years [coming from Texas] and are at a loss as to whether to vote for Gallagher or Crist.  Their ads confuse all the issues and both want us to believe they are candidates that would follow in your footsteps [“in your tradition”].  Neither has openly said they have your endorsement.  Do you endorse either candidate?  If so, will you share that endorsement with us?

Your reply is appreciated.

God’s peace and blessings and

God Bless the United States of America!

Cathy & John Phillips

From:	Eric <warboy50@comcast.net>
Sent:	Tuesday, August 29, 2006 12:51 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Following your Example

Governor,
 
I am a 45 year old female Republican!  I have voted Republican all my life.  I have been a resident of the State of Florida for 26 yrs.  My husband (a Fla. native) and I are small business owners as well as parents of 2 public school children.
 
I would appreciate any recommendations you have for the next Governor.  To the best of my research you have not come out and endorsed a candidate, is that right?  Both Christ and Gallagher say they are going to follow in your tradition. You have been the best thing that ever happened to the State of Florida and I look forward to the day I can vote you in as President.  But, until then, any suggestions on Governor?  I take my voting very seriously and want to know in my heart I made the right choice for my family, business and community.
 
Tropical Storm Ernesto looms today and I know that no matter what comes you'll get us through, It's the next Governor I want to be sure about.  I saw what bad leadership in a Governor and Mayor have done to New Orleans, I want to make the right decision for Florida.
 
Thank you for your service to our wonderful state and I look forward to voting for you again some day!
 
Respectfully,
Cynthia N. DeShields
241 Bay Point
Naples, Florida 34103
cyndi04@comcast.net
 
From:	Joanbgroat@aol.com
Sent:	Tuesday, August 29, 2006 12:37 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	endorsements

Gov. Bush:

I'm very interested in your endorsements for the elections this year.  There is so much meanness that you don't know who to believe.  I believe in the way you have handled the government of the state since you've been in office, and hope to see it continue in the same manner.

Please help.

I also think your brother is great, maybe a little soft on the border, and maybe he needs to be harder on Iran.

Good luck in the future and please stay in government, you are a great leader.

Joan Groat
lithia, Fl.  33547
From:	Stephanie G Boyle <s_g_boyle@hotmail.com>
Sent:	Tuesday, August 29, 2006 11:44 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	2006 Elections Inquiry

Dear Governor Bush,
 
My name is Stephanie Boyle and I am a registered Republican voter living in Pinellas County.  I am very irritated at all negative campaigning this election season and, frankly, don't know what is and isn't true at this point.  I know you've endorsed Tom Lee for CFO and was wondering who else you think should be elected.  I am unsure about the U.S. Senate race, the Governor's race, the District 16 State Senate race and the District 52 State Representative race.  Currently I plan to vote for Mike Bilirakis in the District 9 Congressional race and will follow your endorsement and vote for Tom Lee.
 
Any guidance you can provide regarding the races I list above would be very much appreciated.  I have been a strong supporter of you and your team and would like to see forward progress with what you've already begun.
 
Sincerely,
 
Stephanie G. Boyle
8325 Riverside Drive NE
St. Petersburg, FL  33702
(727) 576-3323
From:	langley <flasen@earthlink.net>
Sent:	Tuesday, August 29, 2006 8:02 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	question

Hello. Charlie Christ is supporting civil unions for homosexuals.  He states that his position is not a liberal one, because Bush also supports these unions.  Would you please let me know your stance on "civil unions" and why.
Thank you so much for a reply.
Angela Langley
From:	Elouise Nobles <chasemimi@aol.com>
Sent:	Monday, August 28, 2006 9:34 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	elections

Elouise Nobles
21130 Keene Rd.
Wimauma, FL 33598-2332


August 28, 2006

The Honorable Jeb Bush
Governor of Florida
The Capitol, 400 S. Monroe St.
Tallahassee, FL 32399-0001


Dear Governor Bush:

I have recieved your phone message to support Tom Lee I need to know who 
you support for US Senator and Governor I have heard so much I don't know 
what to believe. My husband and I voted for you both times and also 
President Bush and have not regretted it please help me out because time 
is running out for absentt ballots and we will be out of town on election 
day  Thanks Elouise

Sincerely,


Elouise Nobles
813-634-8549

This message has been verified by CapwizXC as authentic and sent by this 
individual.  Authentication ID: [YOS11If2]


From:	Char Emmett <cemmett@tampabay.rr.com>
Sent:	Monday, August 28, 2006 9:02 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Florida's CFO

Governor Bush:
 
Can you tell me why you are endorsing Tom Lee over Randy Johnson?  My main concern these days is insurance, like everyone else - and Randy seems to be the better candidate for insurance reform.
 
Thank you.
 
A long time supporter,
 
Charlene Emmett
From:	George Bullman <tennesseeraider@msn.com>
Sent:	Monday, August 28, 2006 6:22 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush

Honorable Governor Bush,
 
My name is George A Bullman. I am a Florida Resident and Registered Voter in Jacksonville (Duval County).
I don't get the opportunity to follow all the candidates for 2006; as I am a truck driver (Owner Operator) and spend much of my time on the road.
 
My question is; Who in you personal opinion is the better Candidate for the Office of Governor for the State of Florida; Charlie Crist or Tom Gallagher?
 
The reason I am asking you is because the way I have it figured; You have worked with both of them and you know both of them.
 
I have been very impressed with the job that you have done during your term as Governor and I will gladly cast my vote based upon the person that you say would best suited to the Office of Governor.
 
Very Respectfully
George A Bullman USN Retired, NRA-Life Member
2150 Figaro Lane
Jacksonville FL 32210-2926
From:	Deborah Bush <mistypines@aol.com>
Sent:	Monday, August 28, 2006 4:16 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	[*] Leaving Office

Dear Governor Bush,
 
I am sorry to see you leave office.  In my adult life you are the best governor this state has had.  Can you tell me where the candidates for governor stand on the abortion issue?   This information will help me decide my vote.  I also think President Bush is doing a great job.
 
 
Sincerely:
Deborah Bush
From:	Barbara_Lucas@doh.state.fl.us
Sent:	Monday, August 28, 2006 1:41 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	FW: Harris for Senate Campaign Update

Can this please stop? Aren’t we restricted from doing this? 

It inappropriate to have an employee selling something using state distribution lists to advertise.  Certainly it is against state policy or should be. We get bombarded by SPAM of ever nature; now we can add Ms. Harris. 

 

 

  _____  

From: Katherine Harris [mailto:campaign@electharris.org] 
Sent: Monday, August 28, 2006 1:32 PM
To: Lucas, Barbara C
Subject: Harris for Senate Campaign Update

 

 

Dear supporter,

I want to remind you that next Tuesday, September 5th is Republican Primary Election day and I need YOUR vote.  I've made it this far due to the support of people like you and we are now poised for a big victory because of all of YOUR hard work.

MailScanner has detected a possible fraud attempt from "www.donationreport.com" claiming to be  Click to help!

Just this week we have started airing our television ad (you can see our ad online at this link or by visiting our homepage at www.ElectHarris.org).

I am closing the gap on Bill Nelson, but can't do it without YOUR help.  Bill Nelson is a do-nothing, liberal Senator who has voted twice against the Protection of Marriage Amendment and has abandoned Florida's hard-working homeowners by allowing insurance companies to desert our state.

Florida deserves better.

In Congress, Harris stood up to the liberal establishment to cut taxes and reduce government spending.  Harris also fought hard to protect traditional values by supporting the marriage amendment and opposing amnesty for illegal aliens.

September 5th is upon us next week and I need YOUR help.

Here is what you can do to help:

1)  First, call 10 of your friends today and encourage them to go to the polls and vote early now. Encourage each of them to make 10 calls to their friends as well!

2)  Please make an immediate contribution of $25, 100 or $250 by going to this link.

3)  Contact our headquarters via e-mail at info@electharris.org, online at this link, or call us at (813) 288-8400 in order to receive a yard sign, bumper sticker or literature that you can share with friends and family.

4)  Contact our field representatives in order to volunteer in our headquarters or at a polling location from now through Primary Election Day. Click your county name below and send a message to the field representative. There is still much work to be done.

Panhandle

Escambia, Santa Rosa, Okaloosa, Walton, Holmes, Washington, Jackson, Bay, Calhoun, Gulf, Liberty, Gadsen, Gulf, Leon, Franklin, Wakulla, Jefferson, Madison, Taylor, Hamilton, Suwanee, Lafayette, Dixie

Northeast

Nassau, Duval, Baker, Columbia, Union, Bradford, Clay, St. Johns, Gilchrest, Alachua, Putnum, Flagler

West Central

Levy, Marion, Citrus, Hernando, Sumter, Lake, Pasco, Pinellas, Hillsborough, Polk, Manatee, Hardee

East Central

Volusia, Seminole, Orange, Osceola, Brevard

Southwest

Sarasota, DeSoto, Charlotte, Lee, Glades, Hendry, Collier

Treasure Coast &
Southeast

Indian River, Okeechobee, Highlands, St. Lucie, Martin, Palm Beach, Broward

South

Miami-Dade, Monroe

Florida needs a gutsy fighter in the U.S. Senate. On September 5, vote Katherine Harris for Senate. Thank you.

Sincerely yours,

 
Katherine Harris 

 

  _____  

 

Paid for by Friends of Katherine Harris 
www.electharris.org


You are receiving this email because you or someone on your behalf signed up to receive email updates from Friends of Katherine Harris, or you were a supporter of Friends of Katherine Harris in this or the previous election cycle.If you would like be removed from future mailings, MailScanner has detected a possible fraud attempt from "www.electharris.org" claiming to be please go to http://www.electharris.org/unsubscribe to unsubscribe. Thank you.

 Web Bug from http://tracking.smartmailer.net/cgi-bin/track.cgi?33-395-34982-520

  _____  


Spam
Not spam
Forget previous vote

From:	Kara Miller <karagene@cimn.net>
Sent:	Monday, August 28, 2006 12:51 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Which candidate do you endorse?

­Dear Mr. Governor, 
 
The television is full of conflicting ads regarding the upcoming elections.  I would like to know which candidate you endorse; Tom Gallagher or Charlie Crist.  
 
Thank you for your time.
 
Sincerely,­­
­ 

Kara Miller 

Administrative Assistant to Dr. Tim Hamon and Kimberly Thomas ­
­177 Apostle's Way/P.O. Box 9000 ­
­Santa Rosa Beach, Florida 32459 ­
­850-231-2600 ext. 602 ­
­850-231-1485 (fax) ­
­800-388-5308 ­
­www.christianinternational.org 

­
­

Click here to make your email smile! 

  _____  

<< ella for Spam Control >> has removed 2957 Spam messages and set aside 391 Newsletters for me
You can use it too - and it's FREE!  www.ellaforspam.com	
From:	Michael Lumpkin <mlumpkin@cfl.rr.com>
Sent:	Monday, August 28, 2006 12:49 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Help

Our hearts are sad as your time in office comes to a close.  However, we do respect your opinion. The race for governor is well under way and the lies and accucations has started.  It is a shame that that type of behavior is permitted but I guess that is politics.  I am torn between two, Chrisp and Gallager.  Who do you endorse?  Our thought process has been hampered by the lies on all the infomericals. What is the truth? I am pro life and anti-gay benefits . maybe God can change their direction.
 
Please Help!
 
Thanks,
 
Michael Lumpkin
 
,lumpkin@cfl.rr.com
From:	Heidi <heidihk@cfl.rr.com>
Sent:	Monday, August 28, 2006 12:48 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	 Governors Candidate Forum

Importance:	High

 

 

Hello!

Below and attached is an invitation to the Florida Gubernatorial candidates to participate in a post-primary forum with our Orange County high school students.  The letter highlights the program format.  On behalf of our high school PTSA’s, we would greatly appreciate it if you would utilize any contacts you might have with the candidates or their staffers to encourage their participation.  We have been in touch with the 4 leading candidates, and we are getting a positive response from their campaign offices, however, not surprisingly they are not willing to commit to any post-primary events.  Again, we would greatly appreciate any assistance you can offer in getting this solidly on the candidates radar screens (and schedules).  Please let us know if you get any feedback that would assist us as we plan for this event.  Any other guidance or thoughts are also appreciated.

 

Also, please mark this date on your calendar as we would love to see you there!

 

Thank You,

 

Heidi Koch

WOHS PTSA President

wowptsa@cfl.rr.com

407-656-4340

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

ORANGE COUNTY TEENS FLEX THEIR POLITICAL MUSCLE

 

West Orange, Dr. Phillips, and Olympia High School PTSA’s (Parent, Teacher, Student Assoc.), in conjunction with Orange County Public Schools are hosting a Governors Candidate forum.  We have invited the Florida Gubernatorial candidates to participate in a town hall style forum with high school teens from the 17 Orange County High Schools.   

 

The proposed format is as follows:  

*	Each of our 17 high schools will provide 2-3 students (mainly 18 year old voters)
*	Selected students will participate in a town hall style, question and answer format with the candidates.  
*	Topics will be provided to our high school student government classes in advance, and the students, with the help of their advisors, will have an opportunity to devise the questions. 
*	The questions will be geared toward child, teen, family, education, and community issues.  
*	Orange County Public Schools (OCPS) is the 12th largest school district in the nation.  This forum will allow the candidates to interact directly with students from 17 high schools!

 

A wonderful component of this program is that it encourages our students to research and engage in the process prior to the event and election.    Another positive aspect is that it will also likely promote stimulating family conversations regarding the upcoming election. The preparation and event itself will go a long way towards engaging our Central Florida community!

 

Our high school PTSA’s are very excited about this opportunity for our high school students to learn about the political process, and the role they play.  We are also delighted that OCPS has invited us to combine our forum with their annual Share the Vision conference.  The format of Share the Vision will be altered from prior years to a town hall style meeting and Jones High School will serve as the host school.  In addition to the approximately 50 students that will be selected to interact with the candidates, the 800 seat capacity audience will consist of additional high school students, business and community members, parents, special guests, legislators and media.  Our district high schools will also be able to see the taped event on their school stations.  We will also actively pursue local, state and national media to cover the event. 

 

Again, please note the following important details

Event:                          Share The Vision/Governors Candidate Forum 

       Orange Co. Teens Flex Their Political Muscle

Date/Time:                   October 11th – 3:00 pm 

Location:                     Jones High School

 

 

Heidi Koch

Orange Co. Teens Flex Their Political Muscle, Chairwoman

WOHS PTSA President

heidihk@cfl.rr.com

(407) 656-4340

 

 

 

 

From:	Lindsey Thomas <lindseyt@perrymcgriff.com>
Sent:	Monday, August 28, 2006 12:19 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	from Perry McGriff, Jr.
Attachments:	jeb.jpg; jeb 001.jpg

-- 
Governor Bush, 

Perry McGriff thought you might like to see this mail piece that his 
opponent is sending out.  He thought you would get a kick out of it.  

Thanks,
Lindsey Thomas
Perry McGriff for State Senate District 14 Campaign
LindseyT@perrymcgriff.com

From:	Gaby Burse <gaby50@aol.com>
Sent:	Monday, August 28, 2006 8:05 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Charlie Crist

Gaby Burse
2438 Raven Croft Ct.
Orlando, FL 32837-5310


August 28, 2006

The Honorable Jeb Bush
Governor of Florida
The Capitol, 400 S. Monroe St.
Tallahassee, FL 32399-0001


Dear Governor Bush:

I'm confused with Gallagher's commercial which is completely opposite as 
what Charlie Crist says about himself.  Do you know the truth?  Is Charlie 
Crist for or against abortion and gay marriages?  The commercials aren't 
clear and if Gallagher's lying, something should be done about it.  Thanks 
for clearing my head. 

Who does Jeb Bush support?

Sincerely,


Gaby Burse
407-929-9781

This message has been verified by CapwizXC as authentic and sent by this 
individual.  Authentication ID: [eonwCCK2]


From:	bobsotb@comcast.net
Sent:	Sunday, August 27, 2006 10:55 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	U.S. Rep. Katherine Harris

Governor Bush, I'm writing in response to the comments Rep. Harris made recently about the separation of church and state and to the statement issued attempting to explain her comments. 
 
I am a Christian and a graduate of a conservative Southern Baptist seminary. Although not living in Florida now, I was born there, graduated from U of F and plan to retire there in a few years. I am extremely concerned and disappointed in Rep. Harris' comments and the typically poor political attempt to minimize the damage of her comments. I am routinely disturbed by the foolish statements conservative Christians are increasingly making, such as hers. (She probably doesn't know, but the founding fathers were primarily deists, not christians. I work with a very diverse group of people, including religion, race and opinion. Comments such as Rep. Harris' are terrible reflections on Christians in general and in particular conservative Baptists. 
 
Republicans are routinely calling for Democrats to denounce various, often ridiculous, comments by liberals; I think comments by Rep. Harris, who repeatedly makes absurd statements about politics and religion, should be publicly denounced by your office and the Republican party in Florida. What have you got to lose; the party doesn't support her candidacy, so please stand up and count for something that can only have positive results for you and the party in Florida. 
 
I believe you and the party made a mistake in the manner in which you supported the Schiavo matter, so please start standing up for reason and not positions that appeal to the fundamentalist base of the Republican Party.
 
Thanks.
 
Bob Turner
From:	rburmab <rburmab@bellsouth.net>
Sent:	Sunday, August 27, 2006 10:26 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Who do you support for United States Senator (Rep)

Of the four candidates for United States Senator who do you support?  I am a little consused on who could win the election in the state Rep v Dem!!!  We need to make the right choice to continue your good work.  Who do you endorse???
 
Roger A. Burrell
13514 Las Brisas Way N.
Jacksonville, Florida 32224
904-716-0405
From:	BuonRicordo <BuonRicordo@cfl.rr.com>
Sent:	Saturday, August 26, 2006 7:27 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	[*] Katherine Harris

Dear Governor Bush, 
 
I am writing to you as both our Governor and as the visible leader of our Republican Party in Florida.
 
I'm certain that, by now, you've probably read Ms. Harris' remarks in the Florida Baptist Witness.  If not, here is a link: http://www.floridabaptistwitness.com/6298.article
 
Governor Bush, like many of the citizens of Florida who is not of the Christian faith, I found Ms. Harris' remarks to be profoundly offensive, bigoted, and exclusionary, to say nothing of ignorant of the actual history and founding philosophy of our Country.  Ms. Harris' "damage control" statements issued yesterday and today did nothing to assuage my perception of her (VERY clear) original words.  Quite literally, had Ms. Harris' remarks substituted racial designations (white, black, brown) for her religious ones, I would not be more offended and disgusted.
 
It would be easy to simply ignore Ms. Harris and her ugly attitudes, were she just some other pundit.  Unfortunately, that is not the case.  It appears that (although she certainly won't get my vote), Ms. Harris is likely to win the Republican primary for the U.S. Senate.  At that point, it seems likely that current Republican office-holders (including you, sir), as well as Republican party faithful (including me) will be expected to support her.  In your case, the expectation will be that you will actively campaign on her behalf.  While I acknowledge that expectation (and the obligation), I do not wish to accept it.  I do not wish to believe that you share Katherine Harris' bigoted and ignorant views about the exclusion of non-Christians from public office, and her assertion that the election of non-Christians to public office equates to "legislating sin."  Obviously, you're going to do whatever it is you feel you must.  But I've thought about this for a couple of days now, and I'd like to propose a couple of ideas to you:
 
1) Right now, prior to the primary, publicly disavow Ms. Harris' statements, and publicly distance the Republican Party from any association with those statements.
2) Endorse another Republican candidate (McBride, Collins, Monroe) in the Senate primary during this week prior to the primary itself, as you've done in the CFO race.  Run media advertisements making that endorsement well-known.
3) If possible (and it probably won't be), convince two of the three non-Harris candidates to withdraw and throw their support publicly to the third.
4) Senator Martinez should publicly withdraw his previous endorsement of Ms. Harris, and make it clear that he does not support, even by association, bigotry of any kind.
5) Ms. Harris should be informed (although there is little doubt that she will spin it into yet another "poor, persecuted Katherine" tale) that, should she win the primary, the Republican Party of Florida, nor any current Republican office-holder, will endorse her or campaign on her behalf).
 
I can assure you that any Republican leader/office-holder who does support her will do so at the peril of being associated with Ms. Harris' bigoted remarks...far greater harm to the Party and those individuals than the possible "good" they can do for Ms. Harris in the general election.
 
While it may not be possible, at this point, for the Republican Party to unseat Bill Nelson, I am asking you to do what you can to take actions to mitigate the damages that Katherine Harris has done to our Party.  We could not be in a more critical position were it David Dukes, rather than Katherine Harris, running under our Party's banner.
 
Thank you for your time and consideration of my input.
 
With great respect and warm regards,
 
Hannah Cole   
 
 
 
 
From:	Rene' Perry <trperry5@comcast.net>
Sent:	Friday, August 25, 2006 10:23 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	re: Tom Gallagher or Charlie Crist?

Dear Governor Bursh,
 
As a resident of Florida, I would like to know who you are supporting for governor? You've been quiet on this issue, so I thought I would personally ask! It's hard to tell who is telling the truth here. I watched the debate. (republicans)  I like what Tom Gallagher says about his stand on abortion, guarding the border, traditional marriage. But I'm not sure he is completly trust worth. And I'm not sure Charlie Crist has the same values, but he is known in Florida. I voted for you and trust your values. Thank you for all you've done for our wonderful state. I'd vote for you again if you could run again!
Sincerely,
Mrs. Rene' Perry
Orange Park, Florida 
 
From:	Patti, Chris, Christopher, and Archie <pcca@clearwire.net>
Sent:	Saturday, August 26, 2006 4:45 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	We just wanted to know

Dear Governor Bush,
We’ve seen an ad on TV that you are endorsing Gallagher for the republican nominee, but have not seen any confirmation from you that it is true.  My family and I would like to know before the primary who you are endorsing. We would all like to tell you that we think you are one of the best Governor’s in Florida’s history. I know definitely in my life time you have been.  We all hope that you will run for President of our great nation and expand your magnificent leadership and moral strength to help shape our entire country and support America’s families. Thank you for all you have done for Florida.
Sincerely,
Patti Barrett
From:	Craig Tanner <craig@printbasics.com>
Sent:	Friday, August 25, 2006 12:51 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Emailing: sfl-825katherineharris,0,5266401
Attachments:	ssheader.gif; gray_arrow.gif; clear.gif; ssredline760.gif; ssheader247.gif; ss_newheader_r4_c6.gif; search_site.gif; search_web.gif; clear.gif; southfl;ptype=s;rg=ur;pos=T;dcopt=ist;sz=728x90;tile=1;ord=85700743; navline.gif; xml-sm.gif; southfl;ptype=s;rg=ur;sz=300x250;tile=2;ord=85700743; 20301328.gif; graylnu.gif; email.gif; printer.gif; story.gif; wirless.gif; xml-smsm.gif; 24945764.jpg; generic.gif; newspaper_iconwh.gif; smfooterlogo.gif; h_redline.gif; southfl;ptype=s;rg=ur;pos=1;sz=1x1;tile=3;ord=85700743

Dear Governor Bush, my name is Craig Tanner.  I've actually met you a couple
of times.  The company I was a partner in for 18 years wrote your book.  Aim
Riverside Press......I know you came in once and had lunch with my
brother-in-law, Ike Abolafia.  I am writing to you about the article below.
My family is Jewish and I think this is the most disturbing thing I've read
in the paper in years.  Katherine Harris has no right representing anybody
in our country if this is how she really feels.  Maybe she would prefer is I
picked up my family and moved to Aushwitz.  I look foward to your reponse to
this by email.  thank you for your time, Craig Tanner - Print Basics.
 
  _____  


 <http://www.sun-sentinel.com/> Sun-Sentinel.com
<http://www.sun-sentinel.com/images/header_images/gray_arrow.gif> Please
<http://www.sun-sentinel.com/services/site/registration/show-memberservices.
register> register or login
<http://www.sun-sentinel.com/services/site/registration/show-login.register>
<http://www.sun-sentinel.com/services/sfl-customerservice,0,3011532.htmlstor
y?coll=sfla-home-headlines>  Subscribe
<http://www.sun-sentinel.com/services/sfl-customerservice,0,3011532.htmlstor
y?coll=sfla-home-headlines> to paper   
HOME <http://www.sun-sentinel.com/>  | NEWS
<http://www.sun-sentinel.com/news>  | SPORTS
<http://www.sun-sentinel.com/sports>  | ENTERTAINMENT
<http://www.southflorida.com>  | SHOPPING
<http://www.sun-sentinel.com/shopping>  | CLASSIFIED
<http://www.sun-sentinel.com/classified>  | BUSINESS
<http://www.sun-sentinel.com/business>  | WEATHER
<http://www.sun-sentinel.com/go/weather>
<http://www.sun-sentinel.com/images/clear.gif> 	
  <http://www.sun-sentinel.com/images/header_images/ssredline760.gif>
<http://www.sun-sentinel.com/images/clear.gif> 	
 <http://www.sun-sentinel.com/> South Florida 247 The Latest News	 

 	 

  <http://www.sun-sentinel.com/images/header_images/ss_newheader_r4_c6.gif>
Sun-Sentinel.com
<http://www.sun-sentinel.com/images/standard/search_site.gif>  	  Web
enhanced by Google
<http://www.sun-sentinel.com/images/standard/search_web.gif> 	  	
  <http://www.sun-sentinel.com/images/clear.gif> 	
  <http://www.sun-sentinel.com/images/standard/clear.gif> 	
 
<http://ad.doubleclick.net/jump/trb.sunsentinel/news/local/southfl;ptype=s;r
g=ur;pos=T;tile=1;sz=728x90;ord=85700743> 



 >Search classified <http://www.sun-sentinel.com/classified> 
 >Find  <http://www.sun-sentinel.com/classified/jobs/> a job
 >Buy a  <http://www.sun-sentinel.com/classified/automotive> car
 >Find real  <http://www.sun-sentinel.com/classified/realestate> estate
 >Find
<http://www.sun-sentinel.com/classified/genmerch/search.classified?class=802
-890,55802-55890> an apartment
 >Place
<http://www.sun-sentinel.com/classified/placead/sfl-submit_classified_ad,0,2
47738.htmlstory?coll=sfla-home-headlines> a classified ad
 >
<http://www.sun-sentinel.com/classified/sfl-locallinks,0,1075245.htmlstory?c
oll=sfla-home-headlines> NEW Buy a LocalLink
 >ShopLocal <http://www.sun-sentinel.com/shopping> 
 >Grocery
<http://www.sun-sentinel.com/news/local/southflorida/sfl-couponfront,0,65358
32.htmlstory?coll=sfla-home-headlines> coupons 

LOCAL NEWS

INSIDE NEWS


Columnists
<http://www.sun-sentinel.com/news/columnists/sfla-columns,0,4546426.htmlstor
y?coll=sfla-home-headlines> 
Cuba news <http://www.sun-sentinel.com/news/local/cuba> 
Education <http://www.sun-sentinel.com/news/education/> 
Legislature <http://www.sun-sentinel.com/news/local/legislature/> 
Lottery results <http://www.sun-sentinel.com/go/lottery> 
Nation/World <http://www.sun-sentinel.com/news/nationworld> 
Obituaries <http://www.sun-sentinel.com/go/obituaries> 
South Florida <http://www.sun-sentinel.com/news/> 
Traffic <http://www.sun-sentinel.com/go/traffic> 



NEWS RESOURCES


Condo  <http://www.sun-sentinel.com/business/custom/condolaw/> Law
Immigration <http://www.sun-sentinel.com/news/custom/immigration/> 
News
<http://www.sun-sentinel.com/services/site/registration/show-memberservices.
register> by e-mail
News
<http://www.sun-sentinel.com/news/sns-quiz,0,4051338.triviaquiz?coll=sfla-ho
me-headlines> quiz
Property
<http://www.sun-sentinel.com/news/local/sfl-propertysearch,0,6781578.htmlsto
ry?coll=sfla-home-headlines> Records
Youth  <http://www.sun-sentinel.com/news/custom/nextgeneration/> section




CHANNELS

 <http://www.sun-sentinel.com/news/> 

SOUTH FLORIDA NEWS
 Broward  <http://www.sun-sentinel.com/news/#browardcounty> County
 Palm Beach County <http://www.sun-sentinel.com/news/#palmbeach> 
 Miami-Dade  <http://www.sun-sentinel.com/news/#miamidade> County
Florida <http://www.sun-sentinel.com/news/#florida> 
Nation/World <http://www.sun-sentinel.com/news/nationworld> 
Cuba <http://www.sun-sentinel.com/news/local/cuba/> 
Education <http://www.sun-sentinel.com/news/education/> 
Lottery <http://www.sun-sentinel.com/go/lottery> 
Obituaries <http://www.sun-sentinel.com/go/obituaries> 
  <http://www.sun-sentinel.com/images/standard/navline.gif> 
 <http://www.sun-sentinel.com/go/weather> WEATHER
Hurricane <http://www.sun-sentinel.com/news/weather/hurricane> 
Web
<http://www.sun-sentinel.com/news/sfl-webcam3,0,3709944.htmlstory?coll=sfla-
home-headlines> cam
  <http://www.sun-sentinel.com/images/standard/navline.gif> 
 <http://www.sun-sentinel.com/sports/> SPORTS
Miami  <http://www.sun-sentinel.com/sports/football/pro/dolphins> Dolphins
Florida  <http://www.sun-sentinel.com/sports/baseball/marlins> Marlins
Miami  <http://www.sun-sentinel.com/sports/basketball/heat> Heat
Florida  <http://www.sun-sentinel.com/sports/hockey/panthers> Panthers
University of  <http://www.sun-sentinel.com/sports/college/hurricanes> Miami
High  <http://www.sun-sentinel.com/sports/highschool> school
College <http://www.sun-sentinel.com/sports/college> 
Weblogs/Columns
<http://www.sun-sentinel.com/sports/sfl-sportscolumns,0,3709386.htmlstory?co
ll=sfla-home-headlines> 
  <http://www.sun-sentinel.com/images/standard/navline.gif> 
 <http://www.sun-sentinel.com/business/> BUSINESS
Real estate  <http://www.sun-sentinel.com/business/realestate> news
The Help  <http://www.sun-sentinel.com/business/custom/consumer/> Team
  <http://www.sun-sentinel.com/images/standard/navline.gif> 
 <http://www.sun-sentinel.com/news/opinion> EDITORIAL
Letters <http://www.sun-sentinel.com/news/opinion> 
Chan Lowe
<http://www.sun-sentinel.com/news/opinion/sfl-chanlowe,0,4028956.cartoongall
ery?coll=sfla-home-headlines> cartoons

SOUTHFLORIDA.COM <http://www.southflorida.com> 
Entertainment <http://www.southflorida.com> 
Events <http://www.southflorida.com/events> 
Restaurants <http://www.southflorida.com/restaurants> 
Movies  <http://www.southflorida.com/movies> & TV
Music  <http://www.southflorida.com/music> & Stage
Nightlife  <http://www.southflorida.com/nightlife> & Bars
Florida  <http://www.southflorida.com/travel> Getaways
Celebrity  <http://www.southflorida.com/news> News
Horoscopes <http://www.southflorida.com/horoscopes> 
Dating/Personals <http://www.southflorida.com/dating> 
Attractions/Outdoors <http://www.southflorida.com/attractions> 
Visitor <http://www.southflorida.com/visitor> 's Guide

 <http://www.sun-sentinel.com/features/> FEATURES
Lifestyle <http://www.sun-sentinel.com/features/> 
Arts <http://www.sun-sentinel.com/features/arts> 
Food  <http://www.sun-sentinel.com/features/food> & Recipes
Home  <http://www.sun-sentinel.com/features/home> & Garden
Travel <http://www.sun-sentinel.com/travel> 
Books <http://www.sun-sentinel.com/features/booksmags> 
  <http://www.sun-sentinel.com/images/standard/navline.gif> 
 
<http://www.sun-sentinel.com/news/columnists/sfla-columns,0,4546426.htmlstor
y?coll=sfla-home-headlines> BLOGS/COLUMNS
  <http://www.sun-sentinel.com/images/standard/navline.gif> 
 <http://www.sun-sentinel.com/features/health/> HEALTH & SCIENCE
  <http://www.sun-sentinel.com/images/standard/navline.gif> 
 <http://www.sun-sentinel.com/community/> COMMUNITY 
  <http://www.sun-sentinel.com/images/standard/navline.gif> 
 
<http://www.sun-sentinel.com/services/sfl-newsletters-promo,0,2188362.htmlst
ory?coll=sfla-home-headlines> NEWSLETTERS
  <http://www.sun-sentinel.com/images/standard/navline.gif> 
 
<http://www.sun-sentinel.com/services/sfl-rss,0,2123370.htmlstory?coll=sfla-
home-headlines> RSS NEWS FEEDS
<http://www.sun-sentinel.com/services/sfl-rss,0,2123370.htmlstory?coll=sfla-
home-headlines> XML
<http://www.sun-sentinel.com/images/standard/navline.gif> 
 <http://www.sun-sentinel.com/news/corrections> CORRECTIONS
  <http://www.sun-sentinel.com/images/standard/navline.gif> 
 
<http://www.sun-sentinel.com/about/site/sfl-customerservice,0,5773288.htmlst
ory?coll=sfla-home-headlines> OTHER SERVICES
Archives <http://pqasb.pqarchiver.com/sun_sentinel/> 
Customer
<http://www.sun-sentinel.com/about/site/sfl-customerservice,0,5773288.htmlst
ory?coll=sfla-home-headlines> service
News
<http://www.sun-sentinel.com/services/sfl-newsletters-promo,0,2188362.htmlst
ory?coll=sfla-home-headlines> by e-mail 	
  <http://www.sun-sentinel.com/images/standard/clear.gif>
<http://www.sun-sentinel.com/images/standard/clear.gif> 	

Katherine Harris: Separation of church and state 'a lie'


"...if you're not electing Christians, then in essence you are going to
legislate sin," she says in interview.

By Jim Stratton 
Orlando Sentinel 
Posted August 25 2006, 11:30 AM EDT 

 

U.S. Rep. Katherine Harris said this week that the separation of church
state is "a lie," that God did not intend for the United States to be a
"nation of secular laws" and that a failure to elect Christians to political
office will allow lawmaking bodies to "legislate sin."

In an interview with the Florida Baptist Witness, the weekly journal of the
Florida Baptist State Convention, Harris described her faith, saying it
animates "everything I do," including her votes in Congress.


 
<http://ad.doubleclick.net/jump/trb.sunsentinel/news/local/southfl;ptype=s;r
g=ur;tile=2;sz=300x250;ord=85700743> 


LocalLinks	
	
She warned that if voters do not send Christians to office, they risk
creating a government that is doomed to fail.

"If you are not electing Christians, tried and true, under public scrutiny
and pressure, if you're not electing Christians, then in essence you are
going to legislate sin," she told interviewers, citing abortion and gay
marriage as two examples of that sin.

Doing so, she said, "will take western civilization, indeed other nations
because people look to our country as one nation as under God and whenever
we legislate sin and we say abortion is permissible and we say gay unions
are permissible, then average citizens who are not Christians, because they
don't know better, we are leading them astray and it's wrong..."

Harris said that Americans "have internalized" the "lie" that church and
state must not be mixed. In reality, she said, "we have to have the faithful
in government" because that is God's will.

Separating religion and politics is "so wrong because God is the one who
chooses our rulers," Harris said. "And if we are the ones not actively
involved in electing those godly men and women," then "we're going to have a
nation of secular laws. That's not what our founding fathers intended and
that's (sic) certainly isn't what God intended."

Harris, a Republican from Longboat Key, is running against Orlando attorney
Will McBride, retired Adm. LeRoy Collins and developer Peter Monroe in the
GOP Senate primary. McBride and Collins also did interviews with Florida
Baptist Witness. Monroe did not.

Both Collins and McBride, a lay minister and son of a pastor, say their
faith is an important part of their lives, but Harris' responses most
directly tie her role as a policy maker to her religious beliefs 






 <http://www.sun-sentinel.com/services/sfl-startsub,0,2480096.htmlstory>  


	
  <http://www.sun-sentinel.com/images/standard/clear.gif>
<http://www.sun-sentinel.com/images/standard/graylnu.gif>
<http://www.sun-sentinel.com/images/icons/email.gif>  E-mail story
<http://www.sun-sentinel.com/news/local/southflorida/sfl-825katherineharris,
0,3699328,email.story?coll=sfla-home-headlines> 
   <http://www.sun-sentinel.com/images/icons/printer.gif>  Print
<http://www.sun-sentinel.com/news/local/southflorida/sfl-825katherineharris,
0,3367084,print.story?coll=sfla-home-headlines> story
   <http://www.sun-sentinel.com/images/icons/story.gif>  Most
<http://www.sun-sentinel.com/news/most-emailed.front> e-mailed
   <http://www.sun-sentinel.com/images/icons/wirless.gif>  News
<http://www.sun-sentinel.com/services/sfl-wireless,0,5958095.htmlstory?coll=
sfla-home-headlines> on your cell
 <http://www.sun-sentinel.com/services/sfl-rss,0,2123370.htmlstory> XML
<http://www.sun-sentinel.com/images/standard/clear.gif> RSS news feeds
<http://www.sun-sentinel.com/services/sfl-rss,0,2123370.htmlstory>  
  <http://www.sun-sentinel.com/images/standard/clear.gif> 
  <http://www.sun-sentinel.com/images/standard/graylnu.gif> 



STORIES 	
  <http://www.sun-sentinel.com/images/icons/story.gif> McBride
<http://www.sun-sentinel.com/news/local/southflorida/orl-mcbridead2506aug25,
0,7536949.story?coll=sfla-home-headlines> ad ties Harris to Washington
scandals 
Aug 25, 2006 


  <http://www.sun-sentinel.com/images/standard/graylnu.gif> 
PHOTO GALLERY 	
 
<http://www.sun-sentinel.com/news/local/southflorida/orl-harrispg081806,0,37
40428.photogallery?coll=sfla-home-headlines> 
 Photo gallery: Katherine Harris in Orlando
<http://www.orlandosentinel.com/media/thumbnails/photogallery/2006-08/249457
64.jpg> 

Photo gallery: Katherine Harris in
<http://www.sun-sentinel.com/news/local/southflorida/orl-harrispg081806,0,37
40428.photogallery?coll=sfla-home-headlines> Orlando 


  <http://www.sun-sentinel.com/images/standard/graylnu.gif> 
RELATED CONTENT 	
  <http://www.sun-sentinel.com/images/icons/generic.gif> Compare
<http://www.sun-sentinel.com/news/local/southflorida/orl-voterguide-ussen-r,
0,2731238.storylink?coll=sfla-home-headlines> GOP U.S. Senatorial candidates
in Voter Guide 




MOST E-MAILED
(last 24 hours)
1.	 U.S.
<http://www.sun-sentinel.com/news/nationworld/chi-060823iran,0,1434982.story
?coll=sfla-home-headlines&track=mostemailedlink> built major Iranian nuclear
facility	
2.	 Median
<http://www.sun-sentinel.com/news/local/southflorida/sfl-0824homesalesbrowar
d,0,6968024.story?coll=sfla-home-headlines&track=mostemailedlink> price for
single family homes in Broward dips, sales keep dropping	
3.	 Downsized:
<http://www.sun-sentinel.com/news/local/southflorida/sfl-824pluto,0,313126.s
tory?coll=sfla-home-headlines&track=mostemailedlink> Pluto no longer a
planet	
4.	 Insurance
<http://www.sun-sentinel.com/news/local/southflorida/sfl-0824insurancepremiu
ms,0,5427390.story?coll=sfla-home-headlines&track=mostemailedlink> companies
say premiums in Florida still not high enough	
5.	 Airline
<http://www.sun-sentinel.com/news/nationworld/sfl-hlpluggage24xaug24,0,27115
54.story?coll=sfla-home-headlines&track=mostemailedlink> lose your bags?
You've got lots of company, but some options, too	
 See the complete  <http://www.sun-sentinel.com/news/most-emailed.front>
list ... 




 Click here to subscribe
<http://www.sun-sentinel.com/images/standard/newspaper_iconwh.gif>
Subscribe today to the Sun-Sentinel
and find out how to get one week extra!
Click
<http://www.sun-sentinel.com/services/sfl-startsub,0,2480096.htmlstory> here
or call 1-877-READ-SUN.	

  <http://www.sun-sentinel.com/images/standard/graylnu.gif> 

Copyright C 2006, South Florida  <http://www.sun-sentinel.com> Sun-Sentinel 

  Partners: CareerBuilder.com <http://www.careerbuilder.com>  for Jobs
<http://www.careerbuilder.com>  | Cars.com <http://www.cars.com>  for Autos
<http://www.cars.com>  | Apartments.com <http://www.apartments.com>  for
Rentals <http://www.apartments.com>  | ShopLocal.com
<http://www.shoplocal.com>  for Shopping <http://www.shoplocal.com>  | FSBO
<http://www.forsalebyowner.com>  
 <http://www.sun-sentinel.com>
<http://www.sun-sentinel.com/news/local/southflorida/sfl-shoppingmap,0,58149
13.htmlstory?coll=sfla-home-headlines> shopping	 
Questions
<http://www.sun-sentinel.com/about/site/sfla-helpindex,0,4571624.htmlstory?c
oll=sfla-home-headlines> or comments? | Paid archives
<http://pqasb.pqarchiver.com/sun_sentinel/>  | Start
<http://www.sun-sentinel.com/services/sfl-startsub,0,2480096.htmlstory?coll=
sfla-home-headlines> a newspaper subscription | How
<http://www.sun-sentinel.com/services/mediakit/sfl-howtoadvertise,0,3909725.
htmlstory?coll=sfla-home-headlines> to advertise | Privacy
<http://www.sun-sentinel.com/about/site/sfl-privacypolicy,0,5753662.story?co
ll=sfla-home-headlines> policy
Copyright
<http://www.sun-sentinel.com/about/site/sfla-copyright,0,6598663.story?coll=
sfla-home-headlines> 2006, Sun-Sentinel Co. & South Florida Interactive Inc.
Sun-Sentinel.com, 200 E. Las Olas Blvd., Fort Lauderdale, Florida 33301 


  <http://www.sun-sentinel.com/images/soflanews/h_redline.gif> 	
 
<http://ad.doubleclick.net/jump/trb.sunsentinel/news/local/southfl;ptype=s;r
g=ur;pos=1;tile=3;sz=1x1;ord=85700743> 
  <http://www.sun-sentinel.com/images/standard/clear.gif> 	

  <http://www.sun-sentinel.com/images/clear.gif> 	
From:	allison cracchiolo <tobycat_44@msn.com>
Sent:	Friday, August 25, 2006 12:25 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Your Endorsements for the upcoming FL elections

Greetings, Governor Bush, from Boca Raton!  I am a huge fan of you and your big brother!  It is with great sadness (as you are no longer going to be Gov. of FL) that I must ask you this:  Who do you endorse for Senate, Governor, etc. this fall?  I value your opinion greatly and would ask you to be part of my decision making process.  Thank you for your incredible leadership and may God go with you and your entire family into the future! 
 
A Proud Rebublican and Home-Schooling Mom,
 
Allison Cracchiolo
Boca Raton, FL
 
From:	Shelia Murphy <aaci1@comcast.net>
Sent:	Friday, August 25, 2006 11:09 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Primary Election Candidates

Are you endorsing any of the candidates for the governor’s race?

 

Shelia Murphy

 

From:	Kurt Eilrich <laundromart03@yahoo.com>
Sent:	Friday, August 25, 2006 9:03 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Primary election.

Dear Mr. Honorable Jeb Bush,
I have always been a fan of the Bush Family and have voted in every election for one or the other Bush whom ever was running for office. It would be great if I could vote for you if you ever decide to run for your Brothers and fathers position as the President of this great Nation. It's to bad you can not run again for governor but Now it's time to move on and vote for a new Governor. I would like to know which one will try his best to follow your policies. Thank you for all your hard work you have done for the people of the Sunshine State! Thanks, Kurt Eilrich

  _____  

How low will we go? Check out Yahoo! Messenger’s low PC-to-Phone call rates.
From:	AnakSuNamun5@aol.com
Sent:	Thursday, August 24, 2006 11:22 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Who to vote for Governor?

Dear Governor Bush,
 I am torn on the vote for Governor. Who do you recommend more, Charlie or Tom?
I am just a private citizen of this state who wants to vote for the one with you and your family's values and views.
 I believe in pro-family, pro-life and strong homeland security. I feel we need, better education, and immigration laws that will make an immigrant a citizen of our country, only if they go about it the legal way. And of course, lower taxes, we all know that those that have the money, create the jobs for the rest of us, so they deserve a tax break in order to hire employees and give them the best benefits possible.
 I have looked at both Charlie and Tom's web-sites, but I am still not certain of the best. Unfortunately, I missed the debate the other evening, so I am still in the dark about the two.   
Please help me make a good decision. 
Thank you very much,
Karin Krajanowski-Whitford
From:	Jamie M. Mazzeo <jaxlawonline@comcast.net>
Sent:	Thursday, August 24, 2006 3:39 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Advertising for Tom Gallagher -

Dear Jeb,

 

            I am a staunch Jeb supporter and REALLY hate to see you leave Florida.  Florida has made such tremendous leaps and bounds in so many different areas thanks to you and your tremendous leadership.  Although we hate to see you go, God Bless you and your family in all of your endeavors. 

 

            My concerns today, however, are the advertisements that have, according to Mr. Gallagher’s staff, been approved by you to use.  I have called countless times to your office asking whether you have endorsed either Gallagher or Crist for Governor that your staff is probably really tired of me.  Each time, I am told no you have not endorsed either.   The ads are just so misleading, I second guess myself as to whether I missed you endorsing one of them. 

 

            Mr. Gallagher’s advertisements are quite deceiving.  Between the showers of pictures and video clips he uses showing the two of you working together as well as the way in which the flyers depict “Jeb Bush and Tom Gallagher” it falsely leads people to believe that you are in fact endorsing him for Governor.  Now if you do indeed endorse Mr. Gallagher, then the ads do not bother me because they in fact would not be deceptive.    

 

            Everyone I know is waiting for your endorsement for one candidate or the other that seemingly will not come.  I respect your decision either way.  

 

            Please though reconsider your approval on the ads for Mr. Gallagher if you do not endorse him because they truly make it look like you do.

 

            Again, my family and I appreciate all of the blood, sweat, tears and prayers that you have given to the State of Florida.  You have done a fine job.  My prayers will be with you and your family always.

 

            Sincerely

 

Jamie M. Mazzeo

 

Jamie M. Mazzeo, LA
14260 Van Zile Avenue
Jacksonville,  Florida  32224
904-655-6316
http://jaxlawonline.home.comcast.net
jaxlawonline@comcast.net


WARNING CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION


The information contained in this electronic message and/or the attachments accompanying are attorney-privileged and confidential information intended for the use of the individual or entity named as the intended recipient.  If the reader of this message is not the intended recipient, or the employee or agent responsible to deliver it to the intended recipient, you are hereby notified that any printing, dissemination, distribution, saving, posting or copying of this communication is strictly prohibited.  If you have received this communication in error, please immediately notify the sender by telephone, facsimile or email, and permanently delete and purge all copies of this message without saving in any form.

 

From:	Bob Beech <bobbeech@bellsouth.net>
Sent:	Thursday, August 24, 2006 2:44 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	endorcements

Dear Governor Bush,
 
Who do you endorce for US Senator?
 
Do you have any endorcements for Rep. early Primary in Broward County?
 
Norma Beech
From:	Rebecca Velt <beckyvelt@hotmail.com>
Sent:	Thursday, August 24, 2006 10:11 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Question

Mr. Bush,

         My husband and I were discussing the governors election coming up. 
We were listening to Mr. Gallager and Mr. Crist debate with one another and 
are a little confused. They both claim to be like you and hold your same 
morels. I wasnt to know which one do you really endorse, if anyone. I know 
you have endorsed other people who are running for other positions.
       We are really also wondering how come you are not running again? You 
would have our votes. Is there a limit to how long you can be in office?
       Thank you for your time. I look forward to hearing from you.

Sincerly,
Rebecca Velt
Port Charlotte, Fl

_________________________________________________________________
Got something to buy, sell or swap? Try Windows Live Expo  
ttp://clk.atdmt.com/MSN/go/msnnkwex0010000001msn/direct/01/?href=http://expo.live.com/

From:	Smith.Don <Smith.Don@palmcoastd.com>
Sent:	Thursday, August 24, 2006 7:48 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	UPCOMING PRIMARY

Governor Bush,

I wrote to you a few weeks ago to inquire about who you support for
Governor.  I have not received a response.  The election is on Sept 5.
Can you let me know who you support?  I think you are a great Governor
and want to vote for someone with your leadership skills.

If you cannot respond on this e-mail can you send me an e-mail on which
you can reply.

Thank you,
Don Smith
Manager of Payroll
Palm Coast Data
386-447-2480 P
386-447-6448 F 
From:	Rose Becker <Rose@RighTime.com>
Sent:	Wednesday, August 23, 2006 10:25 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	September 5th Primary

Gentlemen, how can I find out who Gov. Bush endorses in the upcoming Republican primary?
Thanks.
 
Rose Becker
Cape Coral, FL
From:	Sue Barrs <suebee@wfeca.net>
Sent:	Wednesday, August 23, 2006 4:01 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Question about candidates for Governor...

 

WED AUG 23rd
 
Jeb;
 
Both Crist and Gallagher are using their association with you in their TV advertisements. Is ther anything about either we Republican voters need to know? Will you endorse one before the primary?
 
Thanks,
Al and Priscilla Barrs
Greenwood, Florida
albarrs@wfeca.net
 
 
 
			
From:	Mary D. Farley <sonnymary@aol.com>
Sent:	Wednesday, August 23, 2006 11:42 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Election

Mary D. Farley
244 176th Avenue
Redington Shores, FL 33708-1221


August 23, 2006

The Honorable Jeb Bush
Governor of Florida
The Capitol, 400 S. Monroe St.
Tallahassee, FL 32399-0001


Dear Governor Bush:

Hi Mr. Bush, 
   I am very interested in this coming election. I have always favored 
Charlie Crist. Unfortunately I always thought of him as a conservative all 
the way. Now I truly have my doubts. Can you please tell me if you are in 
favor of Mr. Crist winning the election or even running for your job. I 
really wish you could run again and hope in the future you can use my vote 
in another position. I met you once and really believe you are one of our 
best elected officials. I would apprectiate and answer as I am weighing 
all the information I can muster. Thank you, Mary D. Farley

Sincerely,


Mary D. Farley
727-392-0470

This message has been verified by CapwizXC as authentic and sent by this 
individual.  Authentication ID: [08qzshq9]


From:	Linco Executive Re-search Group <linco@tampabay.rr.com>
Sent:	Wednesday, August 23, 2006 10:05 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush

I'm voting an absentee ballot, can you please tell me who Gov. Jeb Bush supports?
 
Thank you very much.
 
Linda-Lou
Clearwater FL
From:	Edward J Macaluso <ejmac5@juno.com>
Sent:	Tuesday, August 22, 2006 9:24 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	A Really Big Favor Please !!

Dear Governor Bush,
                       I have a really big favor Sir, I would really
appreciate it 
 if you could send me an Jeb Bush Governor button & an 2008 Jeb
 Bush for President. So I can wear them together to show my support 
 for Florida. 

                                             Thank You,
                                             Edward J. Macaluso
                                            7921 Mansfield Hollow Rd.
                                            Delray Beach, Florida 33446
 
From:	CLB <CPACYNDY@AOL.COM>
Sent:	Tuesday, August 22, 2006 9:14 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Cc:	C L B
Subject:	governor

which canadate would you recomend we vote for governor
From:	Rechea Hutchinson <rhutch@cfl.rr.com>
Sent:	Tuesday, August 22, 2006 7:07 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Elections

I am interested in the candidates that Gov. Bush endorses for the primary election on September 5.  I had a telephone message that he endorses Tom Lee for CFO, but what about the remaining offices?

 

Thank you,

Rechea H. Hutchinson

rhutch@cfl.rr.com

321-453-1006

435 Coastal Breeze Way

Merritt Island, FL  32953

From:	Lois M Bengtson <lbengt@juno.com>
Sent:	Tuesday, August 22, 2006 3:36 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	September elections

We are residents of Titusville and have been traveling for several months
in our RV.  We are trying to vote by absentee ballots but would very much
appreciate the names of candidates Gov. Bush endorses.
Kenneth & Lois Bengtson
From:	Yvonne Hogan <hoganvk@cfl.rr.com>
Sent:	Tuesday, August 22, 2006 1:09 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	election

Is the Governor backing a particular candidate, i.e., Gallagher in the up coming election.  It is difficult to believe what we hear in the campaign ads.
 
Thank you.
vkh
From:	baloghc <baloghc@bellsouth.net>
Sent:	Monday, August 21, 2006 9:48 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	2006 election

Governor Bush,
 
How can we see the voting records of those that are running for Governor in the upcoming
election?  I see in the ads on television that you endorse Tom Lee.  Are you endorsing
either of the Republican canidates for Governor?
 
Thank you for the time you invested in office and all the wonderful things you accomplished
while there.  God Bless you and lead you in the future.
 
Mrs. Tammy Balogh
From:	ROBERT GERBRACHT <rgbg2001@yahoo.com>
Sent:	Monday, August 21, 2006 7:50 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Ok, Help out here
Attachments:	[REDACTED]-24325_44a2082dd1b78.jpg

Just between us, Which one will be better Gallager or Crist. I have bee a resident since 1964 and other tha Lawton, you have been the best and most honest Governer we have had. wish we didn't have that stupid term limit, then there would no need for this note. Like I said, just between us, which one while be a better choice? Promise I won't leak it to anyone. Ex-Cop's word is like a bond.
 
Thank you for your time.
 
P.S. Hope you like John Wayne!


Rob

  _____  

Get your own web address for just $1.99/1st yr. We'll help. Yahoo! Small Business. 
From:	Ed Kleppel <kleppel@earthlink.net>
Sent:	Monday, August 21, 2006 6:05 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	voting

I am an interrested and dedicated voter.  I cannot find anywhere in the infrormation provided by the party about the candidates stand on the issues.  You8 would think that I acould go on the republican internet and read about their ideas and convictions.  It seems that no one wants us to know!!!  Please respond

****************************************************************
Thank you for using 888WebGurus Contact Central.
From:	Joel Perez <joelperezlenz@yahoo.com>
Sent:	Sunday, August 20, 2006 8:14 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	[*] strategy from the trenches

  
         I consider myself an average American and am writing this letter as a conservative republican in the hopes of offering a possible view from the trenches in the battle for the hearts and minds of American public opinion and in turn the coarse of our republic. The report is obvious; our message is not getting out. The question we need to ask ourselves is why not and how to change the inevitable outcome. 
            
         As to the why the republican message is not getting out, I believe it is due to the left successfully stigmatizing the President with the labels of incompetence and mismanagement. The democrats responding to questions about any given event with a barrage of simple statements linking the event with what they state are administration mistakes, have accomplished this. They then find the ones that resonate the most with the average person through focus groups, and then repeat them over and over again. The end result is that people start to associate particular news events with administration and in turn republican incompetence. This is that cringing feeling you get when you are about to here a Katrina or an Iraq report. The little known fact that 70-80% of national correspondents and editors lean to the left, according to most surveys, makes this a more difficult challenge.
 
          The democrats’ strategy is simple and effective all they have to do is criticize long enough, until the public feels that things are going in the wrong direction. This has already occurred and is evident in the “wrong direction/right direction poll”. The strategy succeeds in accomplishing two important goals: First, it complicates and confuses the issues at hand. Complexity is an effective tool to cloud wrong or right judgment. After all, if you can’t convince them, confuse them. This has also been an effective tool for those sympathetic to Islamic cause sighting the “complexities of the Middle East”. Secondly, it creates a sense that change is needed; no real solution is offered nor required. Current polls and history proves that this strategy is effective. Absent fundamental knowledge of facts and consequential foresight, it is a logical course of action, if you feel things are going wrong, to choose change over no change. (i.e.: Clinton vs. Bush, Fidel vs.Batista, Hamas vs. Fatah, etc...)
 
           In short, I believe our message is not getting out because are counter responses do not resonate, they are not simple, and they’re not coordinated. As such, we cannot effectively drive the point home by repeating it at every possible opportunity. I am sure that republican strategists know what the possible criticism from the left will be, but unlike a good chest player we do not seem to be planning several steps ahead in order to find responses that resonate. To be clear what I mean by resonate are simple focused phrases that will make the average, non polarized American take pause and say “that’s true” and then easily repeat it in their day to day conversations. This inability to find and coordinate proper responses is allowing the cycle of politics to again shift a little more to the left with each cycle. The danger in this is that it is slowly taking our country towards the direction of all past dominant cultural civilizations, a well-traveled path fated to a vulnerable and impotent existence mired in mediocrity. To those left of center, this is an acceptable and possibly desirable alternative to any sacrifice that will be required to maintain our cultural status.  
 
          Now to the heart of the matter, how can we turn it around? The single most important factor is the “mistake factor”. 
The Republican Party is currently associated with mistakes and mishandling, this perception must change. We cannot start a sentence with the words “we recognize mistakes were made…” Do not allow viewers, listeners, or readers to go away feeling that mistakes are being made. When asked about mistakes in general, as the President was during the debates and continuously thereafter, should be addressed simply by saying “We are not here to contemplate mistakes, we’ll leave that to history and to democrats, we’re here to move forward”. If the question persists we should respond as follows: We recognize that those that don’t agree with our policies are anxious to label it a mistake but we’re in the process of doing a very difficult job for the American people and feel it’s more productive to discus what we as a nation have accomplished”.
These responses accomplished two things: First it links the democrats to the past; secondly it puts the inquisitor on the defensive by exposing his or her possible impartiality because of their persistence of the “mistake” question. 
(Focus Phrase here should be “we are not here to contemplate mistakes” and “those that don’t agree with us are anxious to label mistakes”)
 
        More specific criticism, particularly about the war, need to be directly responded to. The war in Iraq is currently the biggest and the most important problem that faces us as a party and more importantly, as a nation. The outcome of the elections will affect the outcome of the war and hence we as republicans should first concentrate our energies to turning the tide of public opinion about the war. There are three main criticisms about the war that have not been successfully responded to:
            1) Criticism about set backs in the war should be responded to by saying something to the effect of, “we are in the middle of fighting a war and the enemy is fiercely fighting back. Ultimately war is a test of wills, not only of armies but also of people. Just like a boxer has to take many punches and sometimes lose a few rounds before he wins the bout, we have to stay focused on winning especially when the enemy strikes back”. 
(Focus Phrase should be “middle of fighting a war”)
            2) The criticism that our involvement in Iraq is creating more terrorists should be responded as follows: “Terrorist are not created, they are grown over time. Radical Islam has been growing in size and strength for some time in the Middle East we either fight them now in the Middle East or our sons and daughters will fight them here in the future”. 
(Focus Phrase should be “Terrorist are not created they are grown over time”)   
            3) The criticism that the war in Iraq has nothing to do with terrorism should be responded as follows: “Saddam continuously sponsored terrorism by paying bounties of $25,000 to the families of Islamic radical suicide bombers. Saddam was a very bad man in a very dangerous part of the world”. Do not let this fact be belittled or marginalized this point will resonate and not only should it be repeated but it should stressed.
(Focus Phrase should be “Saddam continuously sponsored terrorism”)
 
             There is also one main strategic change that I believe should also take place regarding the war on terror. This should be the simplified labeling our enemies as Islamic Radicals. The first question that comes up when a terrorist attack or plot is uncovered is to ask if it is associated with Al Queda. It is irrelevant whether it is or not. The war on terrorism should not be linked to Al Queda, this creates the illusion that if we only capture or kill Bin Laden or destroy Al Queda, the war will be over and the problem will go away. Since this has not happened it creates the impression that the administration is not getting the job done. This also creates the feeling that we are up against a relatively small group of people and therefore there is no need to for personal involvement or sacrifice that we saw during WW2. Most Americans just want the problem to go away and at this point are content to let someone else take care of the problem. I believe that most Americans are angry and frustrated because the problem has not gone away. The majority of the American public, and for that matter the world, doesn’t see the gathering storm in the Middle East because they don’t see the greater threat of Radical Islam. The term Islamo Fascists that is currently being floated, while certainly accurate, will only get mileage with the conservative base; it will not resonate with the average American. Fascism is not a term used in every day language and most people don’t know what it really means. The labeling of our enemy as Radical Islam is more simplified; it also paints a broader picture and clearly identifies the greater problem. This is a more compelling thought than the current idea that terrorist are small and separate groups, some of which may or may not be hostile to us as a nation. The term Islamic Radical is a simple and all-encompassing phrase that clearly links the most important common element of all groups hostile to us in the region and clearly identifies the ideology as the real problem. The term differentiate radicalized terrorist from our moderate Muslim allies and will also help focus public opinion that is currently in disarray. 
                       
            We have a powerful weapon on our side called the truth but like any great idea, if the message does not get out it becomes irrelevant with time because the victor will always write history. We cannot afford to lose this battle. 

  _____  

Talk is cheap. Use Yahoo! Messenger to make PC-to-Phone calls. Great rates starting at 1¢/min.
From:	terry <boohertlb61@bellsouth.net>
Sent:	Sunday, August 20, 2006 10:31 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Election

Are you going to indorse a particular candidate to fill your shoes ? Which of the candidates is a true conservative ?
Thank you,
T. Booher
Navarre,Fl.
From:	RhonMin@aol.com
Sent:	Friday, August 18, 2006 1:37 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Upcomming elections

Dear Governor Bush, I really wish we didn't have term limits in Florida. However, since we do, I am having a hard time deciding who would follow in your foot steps in a fair and just manor. I see tons of ads on tv and in print and half of them claim to have your blessing. I don't trust ads. Could you please tell me who you REALLY support in the ongoing campaign? I would love to see you replace your brother as President. I really feel you have more of your Mother's standards and whit about you, thus making you the better choice. Your Mother is a strong and honorable woman. Thank God your Father had her at his side during his terms as President. Our Country is facing more challenges than ever. We have so many deep issues that need a true and just person at the helm to guide the US and it's allies through very rough times. I understand it is a great deal of pressure being in such a position of power. I have watched it age men rapidly. Please consider running for President. Florida will miss you already. Our Country does not need to miss the strength and intelligence of the Bush family. Thanks in advance for your help. Please send your answer to RhonMin@aol.com. Thank you again. Rhonda Minor
From:	Fletcher, Sharon L <sharon.l.fletcher@usa-spaceops.com>
Sent:	Friday, August 18, 2006 12:44 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Katherine Harris

I'm mystified. What exactly is wrong with Kathrine Harris that the Republicans and your office alike don't 
like her? Please let me know. Thank you. 

Sharon Fletcher 
Transportation Office 
Kennedy Space Cntr, Fl 
321-861-0056 

From:	Mathis, Joel  [HDS - Hughes] <Joel.Mathis@hughessupply.com>
Sent:	Wednesday, August 16, 2006 8:30 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	MY VOTE

Governor Bush, 
Do you endorse Charlie Crist ? 
I feel that You have done an awesome Job with all the Hurricanes, You have shown a tremendous Love for the state of Florida. You will Definantly be missed ! 

I am very concerned for the state once we loose you . I just really need to make sure that your replacement shares the values that you had while in office.

  

Please advise   

Thank you Sir 

  

Joel Mathis II 
SAINT CLOUD FL 

jdm6264@yahoo.com  

From:	Mildred M. Villafane <villafanem@atlanticbb.net>
Sent:	Tuesday, August 15, 2006 8:22 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Re: THANK YOU NOTE

who might be a good candidate, i will accept recommendations.  thanks. mild

----- Original Message ----- 
From: Governor Jeb Bush 
To: Mildred M. Villafane 
Sent: Monday, August 14, 2006 4:49 PM
Subject: RE: THANK YOU NOTE

The Govenor of Florida is limited to two terms - therefore Governor will not be seeking re-election.

-----Original Message-----
From: Mildred M. Villafane [mailto:villafanem@atlanticbb.net]
Sent: Monday, August 14, 2006 8:22 AM
To: Governor Jeb Bush
Subject: THANK YOU NOTE


HELLO MY GOVERNOR BUSH:
 
I want to thank you for addressing my mother's Helen Arroyo's case to the appropriate authorities. Now she is being enrolled in a program and I do not have to pay the extra $300.00 I was paying Mimis AFL in Miami, Florida.
 
One agaian, thanks and God bless you.
 
I am very happy and I want to know if you are running for Governor again, because I have seen some political ads in tv for your position.  I want you and only you.  Tell me what's going on.
 
Thanks.
 
Mildred Villafane
900 Bay Dr. 100y
MB, Fl. 33141
786 282 3882

From:	Angelo M. D'Amico <angelo55@comcast.net>
Sent:	Monday, August 14, 2006 7:46 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Advice Please

Dear Governor Bush,
We have lived in Jacksonville over 30 years and have seen our great state grow and change. Thank you for your leadership both in office and politically within the Republican party. This year has been difficult for many of conservatives. After believing for and achieving your re-election and the election of Mel Martinez to the US Senate we all believed knocking Bill Nelson out of the US Senate was a real possibility. Secretly many of us hoped you would run against Nelson and send another great Bush to Washington. We respect your decision to finish out your term as Governor. 6 months ago may of us really thought Katherine Harris had a good chance to beat Bill Nelson and we supported her with our prays finances and encouragement. Her implosion has been painful to watch at best. It is obvious she is in denial as to her chances of ultimate success. 
Recently we like many Evangelical Conservative Floridians have been, approached and solicited by some one who truly believes in Will McBride. While he seems like a genuine decent man with strong values (closer to my way of thinking than maybe even Sen. Martinez who I respect). But does he have a chance to beat Katherine Harris? and will the Florida GOP Leadership get behind him so he can? and if he does will it really be "Balls to the Wall" by everyone including you to support him to defeat Bill Nelson? Sue could use your advice we are asked to contribute and pledge support but no one wants to be disappointed again.    
Best Regards and God Bless,
Angelo M. D'Amico
Cell # 904-626-4200
<><
From:	Mike Boyles <mboyles@conv.com>
Sent:	Monday, August 14, 2006 5:06 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Huge fan base in Northern VA

Dear Mr. Bush,

 

There is a great deal of talk around these parts about the possibility of you running for President in the future. If I may say, I believe that you would make an outstanding Presidential candidate, and would support you in any way in which I am able. As a graduate of Florida Atlantic University, I lived in Florida for a total of 8 years, and have seen so much growth; with that being said, I feel that the outstanding job you have done and continue to do, in Florida can and will only flourish more on a federal level. On a different note, if and hopefully when you decide to run; my wife and I were thinking that a great slogan would be “Real Men Love BUSH!” Any response would be greatly appreciated, and as I mentioned, for what it is worth, if you need any assistance, please feel free to let me know.

 

                                                                                             Best Regards,

                                                                                              Mike Boyles

 

Michael Boyles
CONVERGENZ

8263 Greensboro Dr suite 575

Mclean, VA 22102 

703-663-2451

mboyles@conv.com

www.conv.com  

Inc. 500

Convergenz, LLC Ranked 36th, 5th in IT Services in this year's Inc. 500

 

From:	Tim Staley <timstaley1@comcast.net>
Sent:	Saturday, August 12, 2006 8:19 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush

You need to start working tword the white house.   Please..  No Time to lose.
 
 
Tim Staley
 
Department of Homeland Secuity, Customs and Border Protection
 
FT. Pierce,   FLORIDA
From:	Steve Weygandt <stevew2000@bellsouth.net>
Sent:	Friday, August 11, 2006 7:15 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Political phone calls received on my cell phone

Dear Governer Bush
 
I just received the second recorded political message on my wireless phone. This message was from you. Earlier this week I received another recorded message from another Republican.
 
I find this to be an unacceptable and unwanted intrusion into my personal life. All of my phones are registered with the do not call registry, which I understand does not apply to political organizations. Maybe that law should be changed.
 
I pay for incoming calls on my cell phone, the Republican Party does not.
 
I have never voted for a Democrat in my 52 years, this year could be the first.
 
Mail me all the literature you want, but do not call me.
 
Best Regards
 
Stephen Weygandt
352-428-0506 Wireless
From:	LINDAWAMPLER@aol.com
Sent:	Friday, August 11, 2006 12:51 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush; swampler@econolite.com
Subject:	political solicitations

Dear Governor Bush,

My family and I have been increasingly tormented on the phone by the Randall Terry campaign people.  Yesterday, while home sick in bed, I had to retrieve the phone, only to hear a Bill Clinton impersonator claiming that Jim King was "just like him, crooked and up to no good."  This was a paid advertisement for Randall Terry.  The caller i.d. registered a Las Vegas number!!  We receive at least 2 calls daily and it's quite disconcerting.

I'd like to think that we elect individuals who put forth legislation to prevent harassment by telephone solicitors.  I have to insist that, as registered Republicans, my husband and I NOT be harassed by Republicans!!  

What do you suggest that we do about this situation?  I've written the Randall Terry headquarters and told them they are not to call me or I'll pursue this legally; unfortunately, unlike other situations with harassment from the past, this isn't going away!  We've even received recorded messages from Mr. Terry's daughter, whom he is obviously using to attack Jim King!  The smear tactics are bad enough but infringing upon our privacy is unacceptable.  

I accused Randall Terry of sounding like a wounded Democrat but, in fact, he is a predator and likely to cause me and many others to rethink our party affiliation.  

Please advise!

Linda Wampler
St. Augustine, FL
904-794-1810
From:	melissa shuten <mes8002@msn.com>
Sent:	Wednesday, August 9, 2006 10:28 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Endorse for Govenor

Who do you endorse for the next Governor of Florida?
What are his views on:
- Immigration
- School Choice
- Insurance rates
- Off shore drilling
 
Thank you
Melissa Shuten
 
 
From:	Vivian Montgomery <vbink57@earthlink.net>
Sent:	Friday, August 4, 2006 9:09 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	RE: Tom Gallagher

Dear Governor Bush'

I  want to say what a great job you have done for the state of Florida, and
I wish you could stay on as Governor... I have a question for you.... I am
a republican, and I just received a [Tom Gallagher campaign add in the
mail], (let me say I have not made up my mind as to who I will vote for)
(Tom Gallagher or Charlie Crist)...   In any case the Gallagher add struck
me as odd!!    It uses two photos of the Governor with Gallagher and gives
the impression that the Governor endorses him.  (it never states that)  But
if you haven't endorsed him, I think its a very slick way to confuse the
voter....  This is a time to be making sure the party keeps control of the
state, and I don't think I will vote for someone that would stoop to this
level.

Vivian Montgomery


> [Original Message]
> From: Jeb Bush <jeb.bush@myflorida.com>
> To: Jeb Bush <jeb.bush@myflorida.com>
> Date: 7/29/2006 9:25:50 AM
> Subject: Governor Jeb Bush's IN THE NEWS... Friday, July 28, 2006
>
> For those eNewsletter recipients who have Adobe Acrobat reader, Governor
> Bush's e-newsletter is available in .PDF format by clicking here:
>
> http://www.flgov.com/in_the_news
>
> The text version of the eNewsletter is below.
>
>
> GOVERNOR BUSH AWARDS RURAL INFRASTRUCTURE FUND GRANT TO THE CITY OF
ARCADIA
>
> On Monday, I awarded a Rural Infrastructure Fund Grant totaling $30,000 to
> the City of Acadia for a Feasibility Study to determine the beneficial
> impact of reconstructing and expanding the former Arcadia Rodeo facility.
> Arcadia is within DeSoto County which I re-designated in 2006 as part of a
> 'Rural Area of Critical Economic Concern'.  The Arcadia Rodeo is the
oldest
> rodeo in Florida dating back to 1929 and known throughout the southeastern
> United States.  This feasibility grant will assist the City in determining
> how best to rebuild and expand a new rodeo facility which will have
multiple
> uses.  I am truly pleased to support their initiative through our rural
> development grants. The benefits of this study will help the community
> recover from the devastating impacts of the 2004 hurricane season.
> Preservation of Arcadia All-Florida Championship Rodeo is an important
> component of DeSoto County's long-term recovery plan, and grants are a
> significant tool to help them meet their goals.
>
>
> GOVERNOR BUSH AND LT. GOVERNOR JENNINGS JOIN FLORIDIANS IN SAVING MONEY
> DURING THE 2006 SALES TAX HOLIDAY
>
> On Monday, Lt. Governor Toni Jennings and I joined back-to-school shoppers
> at Target to buy books, clothing and school supplies during this year's
> sales tax holiday.  School items purchased by and Lt. Governor Jennings
> myself will be provided to our mentees.
> I encourage all Floridians to take advantage of this year's tax holiday on
> school supplies, as we prepare for the upcoming school year.  I also
> encourage Floridians to buy extra items and donate them to those less
> fortunate.  Businesses and shoppers with questions regarding the sales tax
> holiday can contact the Department of Revenue toll-free taxpayer
assistance
> line at 1-800-352-3671 between 8 a.m. and 7 p.m. on weekdays.  Information
> also is available through the Department of Revenue web site at
> www.myflorida.com/dor or by visiting a Department of Revenue Service
Center.
>
>
> GOVERNOR JEB BUSH SIGNS HB 209
>
> On Thursday, I signed HB 209 eliminating the last part of Florida's
> insidious Intangibles Tax.  I thank Senators Jeff Atwater and Charlie
Clary
> and Representative Fred Brummer for leading the charge in the Legislature
to
> rid Floridians of this burdensome and fundamentally unfair tax. The repeal
> of this tax eliminates the penalty on Floridians who take responsibility
for
> their own retirement by saving and investing over a lifetime. It will save
> 300,000 taxpayers more than $131 million next year.  It is a bad tax.
> Florida will no longer discourage its citizens from preparing for the
> future. I am proud of the hard work of the Florida Legislature on behalf
of
> Florida's taxpayers. Since 1999, we have worked with the Legislature to
> provide our citizens and growing businesses more than $19 billion in tax
> relief. Finally, I thank President Tom Lee and Speaker Allan Bense for
their
> leadership and continued attention to important tax relief issues. 
>
>
> POINTS OF LIGHT AWARD PRESENTED TO TEEN TRENDSETTER DEXTER CRAIGIE
>
> Congratulations!
>
> To read more about this week's winner, please click here: 
> http://www.flgov.com/release/8040
>
>
> GOVERNOR BUSH'S 2006 LEGISLATIVE INITIATIVES
>
> Please visit www.govfloridaforum.com.
>        
> ____________________________________________________________________
> Volume 8, Issue 29
> Copyright(c) 2006 State of Florida
>  
> If you would like to change your subscription or unsubscribe, please go
to:
> http://www.myflorida.com/myflorida/subscribe.html
>
>
> Thank you.
>
>
>



From:	John Capello <JCapello@cfl.rr.com>
Sent:	Thursday, August 3, 2006 7:15 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Your endorcement

Mr. Bush,
      I would like to know who you are endorsing for the new 
Governor? Thanks
                       John
From:	Michael Porter <mpg8rz@gmail.com>
Sent:	Wednesday, August 2, 2006 12:26 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	GOP U.S. Senate primary

Dear Governor Bush:
 
I know that you publicly endorse candidates in party primary elections only sparingly, but I would like to ask you to give serious and thoughtful consideration to doing so in the upcoming Senate primary election while there is still time. 
 
Let me say first that I will always admire Katherine Harris for the principled way she discharged her duties in the aftermath of the 2000 presidential election. She endured outrageous ridicule from the left, and kept her dignity and sense of humor intact. I also was pleased for her when she won election and subsequent re-election to a seat in the U.S. House of Representatives.
 
With that said, I know that she has absolutely no prayer of winning a general election against Bill Nelson. As a committed Republican voter, I would plead with you to endorse someone who, while perhaps still a long shot, could go into November without any of the baggage that Rep. Harris is, fairly or unfairly, laden with. 
 
I would especially ask you to give serious consideration to the candidacy of LeRoy Collins, Jr. While the "name recognition" factor is dubious, in light of how long ago his popular father served as governor and of the fact that the late governor was a loyal Democrat, the fact remains that Collins can be a viable contender in November if he could get the support now that he would need to win the September primary. He is a thoughtful conservative who, despite his age, can run as a newcomer and not career "politico". He also had a distinguished military career, as I'm sure you are well aware. 
 
With "slings and arrows" being aimed at GOP control of both houses of Congress this fall from every angle, this is hardly the time to concede Sen. Nelson's seat to remain in the Democratic column. Every stop must be pulled to keep this race competitive. Unfortunately, it will be anything but competitive if Ms. Harris is the standard-bearer come November. 
 
I know that some would look upon your endorsement of any of her GOP challengers as being in some way disloyal to her after she kept her finger in the dike, so to speak, against Al Gore's effort to rob your brother of Florida's electoral votes in 2000. But loyalty is a two-way street. Knowing how certain she is to fail in her effort to win this upcoming Senate race, she also owes a measure of loyalty to the Republican party, especially when it is facing the prospect of losing control of both the Senate and the House and when every race will therefore be pivotal. 
 
Please, Governor, intervene in time to rescue the GOP's prospect of running a close and competitive race in November. If you publicly endorse Mr. Collins, GOP voters who may not have yet researched the other candidates besides Harris will begin to do so. 
 
Your brother's agenda for the remainder of his term may truly hang in the balance.
 
Sincerely,
 
Michael F Porter
 
 
 
2453 Needle Palm Way
Tallahassee 32309
850/906-0133
 
 
 
 
 
 
From:	Mark Creech <amadeus751@msn.com>
Sent:	Monday, July 31, 2006 5:35 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	[*] Senate Elections

Honorable Jeb Bush, 
I am young American, and I have always liked the ideas and values you and your brother have stood for. I would like to continue to see Florida ran with those same ideals and values in mind. I have voted in the past for you and your brother and now in the upcoming elections, I would like to know which candidates you and your office feel are most likeminded and will continue to carryout the Florida which you have envisioned. Does your office endorse any candidates in the upcoming elections? 
I appreciate any assistance which can be provided in helping my wife and I choose the best candidates in the upcoming elections. 
Sincerely, 
 
Mark L Creech
 


  _____  

With MSN Spaces email straight to your blog. Upload jokes, photos and more. It's free! It's free!
From:	Robert Fender <rfender2@tampabay.rr.com>
Sent:	Monday, July 31, 2006 12:59 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	[*] Successor

Who does Jeb Bush think would be the best candidate to succeed him?	
			

From:	Jay Homnick <jayration@yahoo.com>
Sent:	Monday, July 31, 2006 11:58 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	From AmSpec and Human Events columnist Jay D. Homnick - important

Dear Governor Bush,
 
 
 
           I have long been an admirer of yours and voted for you in 2002 (moved here too late in '98).  We only met in person once at a Republican Jewish Coalition campaign event for your brother in Fort Lauderdale in 2000.
 
           You may be familiar with my work.  I write a weekly column at The American Spectator and another for Human Events.
 
http://www.spectator.org/dsp_article.asp?art_id=10148
 
http://www.humanevents.com/article.php?id=16133
 
          Right now, I have signed on as Campaign Manager for Jay R. Beskin, a candidate for Miami-Dade County Commissioner in District 4, which runs from South Beach at NE 20th St. and Alton Rd. northward through Aventura in the low NE 200s.
 
         It is a non-partisan race in which both candidates are nominally Democrats, but Beskin is a center-right Democrat who is an eyelash away from throwing out his Democrat registration.  He heralds the fact that in his nine-year tenure on the Aventura Commission, they accomplished admirable urban growth and expansion of services without raising taxes.
 
        Because the election is Sept. 5 and the Republican primary for Governor is more competitive, the odds are that there will be a much higher Republican turnout than Democrat.  Your endorsement, quite frankly, would almost certainly turn the tide.  Not that it needs that much turning.  We are being very effective with retail politicking, knocking on doors, shaking hands.  However, because the developer money goes only to incumbents, she has raised 330 thousand to our 55.
 
       In general, I believe that the endorsement, if issued in a press conference with some fanfare, would prove a net plus for your interests - although we are asking it as a favor for ours.  The fact is that Jay is an articulate candidate with a great sense of urban policy (he's one of those guys, unlike myself, who enjoys reading this stuff), he has amazing qualifications, he has the track record in Aventura, he's a man of sedate personal habits who will not blunder into scandal.  If he gets in, I will almost certainly be his chief of staff or senior advisor, and we will repay our debt when the occasion arises.
 
        Please consider this application - and suggestion.  My cell number is 305-450-0576.
 
                                                                       Respectfully,
 
                                                                                 Jay D. Homnick 
From:	Smith.Don <Smith.Don@palmcoastd.com>
Sent:	Monday, July 31, 2006 7:46 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	GREAT GOVERNOR

Governor Bush,

I am very pleased with your leadership and hands on approach during
Florida's hurricanes.  You have been a great Governor! It is a shame you
cannot run again and be our future Governor.  

I would like to vote for someone who has your leadership qualities and
take charge approach.  Which candidate for FL Governor, in your opinion,
is most like yourself and has the aforementioned attributes?   

Thanks,
Don Smith
Manager of Payroll
Palm Coast Data
386-447-2480 P
386-447-6448 F 
From:	White, Donald E AM2 (VP-08) <donald.e.white@navy.mil>
Sent:	Friday, July 28, 2006 9:18 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Local Floridian

Are you going to run for president like the rest of your family? I think you should, you know people will vote for you just because they know your name. Keep on counting on the stupidity of the masses, you'll go far. 

P.S. Way to make every vote count…. THANKS! 

From:	Stuart Hall <GLENVILLELUMBER@peoplepc.com>
Sent:	Thursday, July 27, 2006 5:41 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Presidential demands

Mr. Bush - 
 
I have not heretofore considered you a potential candidate for U.S. President.  However, in view of recent world events, it may be in all of our best interests if you would consider following your brother into office.  We will likely need a focused, disciplined leader who can continue the foreign policy initiatives set in place by your father and brother.
 
It will likely be a grueling, thankless job but I hope you will consider it.
 
Sincerely,
 
Stuart Hall
From:	Robert Zaiens <zaiens@yahoo.com>
Sent:	Thursday, July 27, 2006 2:36 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Cc:	Jack Oliver; George W. Bush; BushCheney Campaign
Subject:	Gov. Bush, WE supported you, BUT ??

Copies to: Friends and Fellow parishioners 
           Holy Family church, 
           St Peterburg, Florida

Honorable Governor Bush, 

We moved to Florida from New Jersey and intended to
support you. We'd like to support you now, BUT ??
Please explain !!

We supported you in your fight to save Terri Schiavo.
A fight that perhaps you could have won legally. It
was hard to reach you in those days, your voice mail
was full most of the time. But, a message was left
with an idea that could have done so legally. Now we
will never know. (See idea below.) 

We both wish you could have been reached then, but we
are writing you now for your help. We are deeply
confused by your endorsement of Sen. Jim King in the
Republican primary. 

Mr. King has NOT SUPPORTED YOU and your most important
values. So please explain why YOU SUPPORT HIM NOW ??
Why would you sacrifice your moral and political
values for someone so undeserving ??

> He believes in abortion.

> He supports adoption by homosexual "couples".

> He fought to starve Terri Schiavo to death.

Please withdraw your endorsement of Mr. King. Your
supporters old and new, like us, request it. Voters
expect you to remain faithful to your political and
Pro-Life values. By endorsing Senator King, you betray
all those who supported you in the past and intended
to support you in the future.

At the very least, we voters deserve a thoughtful
explanation as to how your values and Mr. King's
values could be compatible ?? 

I requestfully and respectfully expect a reply. All
Florida voters do.

Sincerely, 

Robert G. Zaiens
Teresa P. Zaiens


PS
By the way, our idea to save Terri Schiavo was as
follows. Declare Michael Schiavo as having abandoned
his wife to live with another as husband for more than
10 years, thus technically a bigamist as per common
law, and then revoke his spousal right to determine
Terri's medical wishes. We wonder what is the
likelihood that this could have been successful ?? We
still would like to know.


__________________________________________________
Do You Yahoo!?
Tired of spam?  Yahoo! Mail has the best spam protection around 
http://mail.yahoo.com 
From:	Julie Shuyler <julieshuyler@msn.com>
Sent:	Wednesday, July 26, 2006 4:11 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Jim King

Dear Governor Bush,
The peace of Christ be with you!
 
I am writing regarding your endorsement of Jim King for senator.  It is my understanding that Mr. King led the charge in your state to continue to starve Terri Schiavo.  I wrote to you during that time to encourage you to continue to do all you could to stop that horrible crime and sin.  My students and I kept you in our prayers ( I am a high school religion teacher).  Governor Bush, I can't understand why you would support a man who has opposed you and your brother, the President, on such important issues.  Your faith in Christ and the Truth must supercede any politics.  I hope that you do not continue in this endorsement of a man who stands and votes in direct opposition to what you purport to believe.  I will pray, as I do everyday, that government offices, including yours, are filled with true pro-life civil servants.  I pray your role model is St. Thomas More and not Pontius Pilate.  I hope my disappointment in you is misplaced.  I look forward to a reply and explanation.
 
Sincerely yours,
Julie Shuyler
 
From:	maureen miller <mickmiller1934@yahoo.com>
Sent:	Wednesday, July 26, 2006 2:30 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	support of Jim King

Dear Governor Bush:
 
I just learned that you intend to endorse Jim King for the Senate and I'm truly distraught at the news.  If this is true, I beg you to reconsider....you know the stand he takes on human life and homosexual agendas.   Please think this through and pray for guidance.    Sincerely,   Maureen Miller

  _____  

Do you Yahoo!?
Get on board. You're invited to try the new Yahoo! Mail Beta.
From:	Mary <mkmcbride@peoplepc.com>
Sent:	Wednesday, July 26, 2006 2:00 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Endorsing Jim King

Dear Governor,  How in the world could you possibly endorse Jim King?  This man is the polar opposite of the Rep-ublican party conservative base.  He is completely pro-choice and anti-family with his views on homosexuality.  As a practicing Catholic you are defying church teaching endorsing this man.  This is someone who fought hard to kill Terri.  This someone who you once called a baby.  Your decision shows a complete lack of good judgement.  We will remember this Governor when you seek national office in the future.  Mr. and Mrs. James P. McBride   mkmcbride@peoplepc.com   

________________________________________
PeoplePC Online
A better way to Internet
http://www.peoplepc.com
From:	H626462@aol.com
Sent:	Wednesday, July 26, 2006 1:29 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Jim King

 
FROM: Mr & Mrs John M Clegg, 827Ponte Vedra Blvd, Ponte Vedra, FL 32082
 
Dear Governor Bush,
 
My family is a staunch supporter of yourself and the President.
 
However, we have heard a rumor that you intend to endorse Senator Jim King. If this is true, we would strongly urge you to re-consider. Senator King has managed to alienate nearly everyone within the Republican Party, particularly people like ourselves who are pro-family, pro-life and believe in small government and fiscal restraint.
 
PLEASE DO NOT ENDORSE SENATOR KING.
 
Thanking you
 
John Clegg
From:	Pat Cullinan, Jr. <pcullinan@verizon.net>
Sent:	Wednesday, July 26, 2006 1:43 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Please support Randall Terry

Dear Gov. Bush,

In the name of God, chastity, and the lives of undelivered
babies, please support Randall Terry for State Senator.

God bless you and yours,

Patrick Cullinan, Jr.
New York
From:	- Fr Denis Wilde OSA - PriestsforLife.org <frwilde@priestsforlife.org>
Sent:	Wednesday, July 26, 2006 1:14 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Oppose endorsement of Jim King

Dear Governor Jeb Bush,

 

I oppose your endorsement of Jim King for several reasons, among which are

 

1)    it weakens the opportunity of “We the People” to manage a hands off primary debate,       without those holding office from interfering.  I was distraught when the President and           Senator Santorum did the same by endorsing Sen Specter before the Specter-Toomey         primary (2004).  Endorsing after the primary is over, of course, is another issue           entirely.  These “intrusions” into the debate frustrate the efforts of the people to make            legitimate changes, without which we become a passive horde not much different than       liberals who don’t think beyond (D) after a candidate’s name.  We can’t afford that to       happen in the GOP,  nor can the nation.

 

2)    Jim King has manifested opposition to the efforts you took – the right thing – to appeal       Terri Schindler Schiavo’s plight. He was behind much of the impetus that eventually          forced her death by judicial homicide, a terrible wool-over-eyes sham foisted on the 

            entire country, despite your efforts to move through the other branches of government 

            to defend the innocent.  His candidacy and vote should be deplored, not endorsed.

 

I fail to see – even with polls and focus on getting re-elected compassed by these manipulating organs (polls) just how Republicans of deep rooted principle can claim they are in agreement with people who constantly supports the killing of the innocent (Specter) and then state, as did Sen Santorum, that the two senators agree on 95% of the issues.  

 

That may be, statistically, but the life and death of the Republican Party will eventually come about by adherence to the fundamentals of the Declaration:  inalienable rights, beginning with Life.  That 5% of the issues should and will counter weigh all the others in the long run, if we are not tempted by expedient myopic vision, goggled by polls that rise and fall like the wind.  

 

I am very disappointed in this endorsement for King, and urge you in the time that remains to reconsider and do the valiant thing, and exonerate Terri Schiavo, her family, the hoodwinking in the corrupt judicial machinations of Pinellas County and just plain decency that the sleeping country is now awakening to:  Terri Schiavo was murdered and Jim King was – regardless of the finest of motivations possible on his part – the prime legislative mover against her life.  

 

It is no small matter.

 

Respectfully,

 

Fr. Denis Wilde, OSA

From:	Babblondell@cs.com
Sent:	Wednesday, July 26, 2006 1:07 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Cc:	annyoungblood@cfl.rr.com; debbieseiler@cfl.rr.com; DAVNGAB@earthlink.net
Subject:	The endorsement of Jim King is totally unacceptable.

       Dear Governor Bush,                                                                                       +You are a good man-a man of conscience,principle and core values,and we have supported you for your strong pro-life stand. But your endorsement of  Sen.Jim King is totally unacceptable;it is a betrayal of the entire pro-life movement. This action on your part would make a mockery of everything you have stood for and that we have supported these eight years. We implore you not to endrse Jim King and his culture of death mentality as this would be a horrible decision.
                                                                                   Sincerely,                          
                                                                                    Barbara Bollaert Blondell                                   
From:	David Lane <military622003@yahoo.com>
Sent:	Wednesday, July 26, 2006 1:23 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Randall Terry

Dear Governor Bush,
 
I am writing to beg you not to endorse Jim King, a devotee of the culture of death.  Randall Terry is your man.  What doth it profit a man to gain the whole world and suffer the loss of his own soul?
 
Sincerely,
 
David P. Lane
Woodside, New york

  _____  

Do you Yahoo!?
Everyone is raving about the all-new Yahoo! Mail Beta.
From:	Ronphil11703@aol.com
Sent:	Wednesday, July 26, 2006 12:59 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	SUPPORT SENATOR JIM KING

Dear Mr. Governor,
     Your lack of support for Senator Jim King in the upcoming elections is unacceptable to Christian Conservatives. He has always voiced his conscience on all life issues, especially Terry Schiavo. As a Catholic it is your moral obligation to support him.
 
Ron Campisi
North Babylon. New York 
From:	Hope, Matt <MHope@allstate.com>
Sent:	Wednesday, July 26, 2006 12:50 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Do not endorse Jim King

I am a registered voter in the state of Florida and would like to ask you not to endorse Jim King.  Please!!

From:	christine humphries <carzh@yahoo.com>
Sent:	Wednesday, July 26, 2006 1:01 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	King? No way!

Dear Jeb,
 
We love you in Saint Augustine, but please DO NOT ENDORSE King for Senate.  What does he stand for that you support?  Homosexuals adopting kids?  Abortion rights?  Terri's demise? Free college tuition for illegals?  C'mon Jeb, don't backstab your base, and certainly not our God by supporting this man's abominations!
 
Sincerely, Your sister-in-Christ,
 
Christine Humphries
Saint Augustine, FL


May God continue to bless you and yours,
Christine

  _____  

How low will we go? Check out Yahoo! Messenger’s low PC-to-Phone call rates.
From:	Lynda J Hastings <lynda.hastings@juno.com>
Sent:	Wednesday, July 26, 2006 12:48 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Endorsement of King

I am EXTREMELY discouraged and upset by the article in the paper giving
your intention of endorsing Jim King.

This contradicts all of what you purport to stand for.  Actually, this is
an outrageous action.  I would urge you to reconsider or retract such an
endorsement.  Now, more than ever, our state and country need men of
principle to stand for what is morally right even if it may appear to be
more politically beneficial to compromise.

I am a registered voter who has never written such a protest before, but
I believe this is a choice that has implications far beyond this
election.

Lynda B. Hastings
Rep precinct 05V
From:	Linda Ellerton <LEllerton@choosemaryland.org>
Sent:	Wednesday, July 26, 2006 12:52 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Your endorsement of Jim King????

Dear Governor Bush,

            Although I am in a different state and have never had the opportunity to vote for you, I have been an ardent supporter of yours for some time.  Maryland is typically a democratic state, so I have taken verbal abuse over the years for my support of you.  

I am shocked to hear of your forthcoming endorsement of Jim King.  From what I see and hear at this not-so-far distance, everything he stands for is diametrically opposite of what your values and opinions have been ever since I first began following your career.  You must have some reason that I have not been able to fathom.  I would request that you consider your reasons very carefully – and consider changing your course of action.  Not only for the Republican Party (yes, I know he claims to be one too, but he sure doesn’t sound or act even remotely like it) but more importantly for your own credibility.  Supporting him, while maybe ensuring a Republican seat, not only supports someone who will surely not act like a Republican (so how does it help anything), but it also appears that you do not believe in your own value system.  I do hope you are about more than just “counting seats at any cost.”

 

Sincerely,

 

Linda R. Ellerton, CEcD
Team Leader, Biosciences
Maryland Economic Development

 

From:	Judith D'Agostino <dagostinoj@acsh.org>
Sent:	Wednesday, July 26, 2006 12:47 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	NO to Jim King Endorsement (Correction)

You have broken my heart, Governor Bush! I understand that you are about to endorse Jim King for Florida Senate 8th District. This is unbelievable as you, as well as I, know his horrific voting record. If you go through with this endorsement, you are off my list as one of the few "good guys" left. Please reconsider. 
Thank you and may God bless you and your family and may He guide you to do what is right. 

Judy D'Agostino 
Member 
NY Republican County Committee 
From:	ppettie@gmail.com on behalf of Paul Pettie <bppettie@bellsouth.net>
Sent:	Wednesday, July 26, 2006 12:50 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Endorsement of primary candidate

Governor,
I have been a strong supporter of both you and your brother...and will continue to be so, no matter what...however, 
Why are you endorsing any candidate in a primary race?  Let alone Jim King who has opposed everything you have ever done including all pro-life issues?????


-- 
Have a great Day!
paul  pettie
 
St. Augustine
From:	Kay Miller <k4jesus@nothingbutthetruth.us>
Sent:	Wednesday, July 26, 2006 12:44 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	PLEASE DO NOT endorse Jim King

Please do not endorse this man, as he misrepresented himself in the last election and I am calling as many people as I can to email you with this request as this is how many Floridians feel.

 

Thank you for taking the time to read this.

 

I pray for you and will continue to ask God to bless you and keep you.

 

Sincerely in Christ, 

 

Kay Miller

From:	Jmfiat@aol.com
Sent:	Wednesday, July 26, 2006 12:41 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	[*] Jim King Endorsement?

Dear Gov. Bush,
 
Not knowing if some rumors are true or not, I am writing to ask you NOT to endorse Jim King for Senate.  Perhaps you have no plan to do so.  But in the event that you do, I beg you not to endorse Mr. King, who is the worst example of a Republican I have ever seen.  At least please remain neutral.
 
Mr. King is not for family values, but endorses same sex relationships/marriages.  He is a pro-abort who embarrasses the Republicans in this state.
 
May the Lord guide you in this matter.
Thanks.
 
Judy Meade
From:	W.B BUTLER <zija777@yahoo.com>
Sent:	Wednesday, July 26, 2006 12:39 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	DO NOT ENDORSE JIM KING

PLEASE DO NOT ENDORSE JIM KING
 
THANK YOU SIR.
 
WALLY
www.WallyButler.com
 
From:	ignacote@bellsouth.net
Sent:	Wednesday, July 26, 2006 12:30 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	[*] 

Please reconsider endorsing Senator Jim King...  

Igna Cote
Registered Republican

From:	edward j goshow <mred113@juno.com>
Sent:	Wednesday, July 26, 2006 12:10 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	primary

Dear Governor Bush;

                 Please DO NOT endorse Senator Jim King in the Primary.
He is FOR everything  that

You and I and the Replublican Party Is AGAINST!!

                           Thanking You,

                           God Bless You.,

                           Ed Goshow

                           12515 Chilton Rd.

                           Phila., Pa. 19154

                           mred112@juno.com 
From:	Jennifer Digati <jenny28712@yahoo.com>
Sent:	Wednesday, July 26, 2006 12:27 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	[*] Please don't support Jim King

Jeb,
Please don't support a man who supported the killing of Terry Schiavo. Be the good Catholic man that you are.  Stand up against bad people like Jim King.
 
Thank you,
Jennifer Digati

  _____  

Talk is cheap. Use Yahoo! Messenger to make PC-to-Phone calls. Great rates starting at 1¢/min.
From:	Ray Gastonguay <rag602@Earthlink.net>
Sent:	Wednesday, July 26, 2006 12:09 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	ENDORSE TERRY

Dear Governor Jeb Bush,
    For the sake of right to life, endorse Randall Terry; not Jim King.
Raymond Gastonguay
From:	Irene Haliday <ich@cox.net>
Sent:	Wednesday, July 26, 2006 12:08 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	JIMKING

    DEAR GOVERNOR BUSH,
PLEASE DO NOT ENDORSE JIM KING FOR THE SENATE RUN.  HIS STAND ON HUMAN LIFE IS DEATH - HE IS PRO-CHOICE, HE DID NOT STAND UP FOR TERRY SCHIAVO'S LIFE AND HE HAS HAD NUMEROUS CORRUPTION CHARGES
AGAINST HIM.
PLEASE DO NOT ENDORSE JIM KING.
IRENE HALIDAY
ICH@COX.NET
MIRAMAR BEACH, FLORIDA
From:	ChristineCPM@aol.com
Sent:	Wednesday, July 26, 2006 12:02 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Please do not endorse Jim King

Hi Governor:
 
Let me start by saying that I wish you could be our Governor forever. You are a wonderful man and have impressed me greatly several times, especially with how you deal with the stress of our crazy storms. Your Republican and Catholic views reflect my own and I appreciate your devotion to our state.
 
I am writing because I am ready for a change. Jim King has been around long enough. He is a friend of my family's and I know him fairly well. He does not reflect my views and has voted for moral issues that upset me. Terri Schiavo should have been left alone to die naturally when God called her home. Same sex marriage should not be recognized as a marriage by the state. He disagrees with me. Please do not endorse him. If you have the time to get to know Randall Terry I think you will find him to be a bit eccentric but very committed to the people of our state. He is a very good man with high morals. Please consider him or at least not endorsing Mr. King. I know he is a Republican and you need to throw support towards people in our party, but he has done enough in my opinion. Thank you for your time and consideration.
 
God Bless,
 
Christine M. McMillan
206 Orchis Road
St. Augustine, FL 32086
(904) 797-3680
 
From:	jtiller@bellsouth.net
Sent:	Wednesday, July 26, 2006 11:56 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Endorsement

Dear Governor Bush,

I beg you not to endorse John King.  I believe that Randall Terry is the man that we need to have in the Senate.

Please reconsider who you will endorse this afternoon.

THank you,
Jennifer

From:	Nellie Bruce <nells_bruce@yahoo.com>
Sent:	Wednesday, July 26, 2006 12:10 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Do not endorse Senator Jim King

Dear Mr. Bush,
 
Please do not endorse Senator Jim King for the Republican primary.  He does not hold the moral or Christian values that should be represented in the Republican party or in the United States Senate.  I am disappointed to hear you have even thought of making such an endorsement.  Please do not carry through with the thought.  Thank you.
 
Sincerely,
Nellie Bruce
Stillwater, OK

  _____  

Do you Yahoo!?
Get on board. You're invited to try the new Yahoo! Mail Beta.
From:	Doug Polk <ddpolk@alphaomegafood.com>
Sent:	Wednesday, July 26, 2006 11:53 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Support Randall Terry please.

Dear Governor Bush,
 
From what I hear, you are set to endorse a man who is diametrically opposed to preservation of life issues such as abortion and euthanasia. If this is true, then this man must be blackmailing you! Surely you have more integrity than to support an enemy of life.
 
I pray that you will take the high road of supporting Godly moral issues and candidates that do likewise.
 
Doug Polk
AlphaOmegaFood.com
From:	Jensen, Starr <Starr_Jensen@apllogistics.com>
Sent:	Wednesday, July 26, 2006 12:04 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Please do not endorse Jim King


As a registered voter I ask that you do not endorse Jim King for Fl Senate.

 Regards,


Starr Jensen
Jacksonville FL
From:	D Hope <mdjdeh3@yahoo.com>
Sent:	Wednesday, July 26, 2006 11:51 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	DO NOT endorse Jim King

 
Governor Bush,
 
As a Florida voter and Republican, such as yourself, Please DO NOT endorse Jim King on television today or radio or print at any time. He does NOT support the traditional Republican values we uphold.
 
Thank you,
 
Denise Hope  

  _____  

Do you Yahoo!?
Get on board. You're invited to try the new Yahoo! Mail Beta.
From:	Donald Wehking <dwehking@se.rr.com>
Sent:	Wednesday, July 26, 2006 12:04 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Cc:	sleepy
Subject:	Endorse Randall Terry

Dear Governor Bush,
 
Please endorse Randall Terry for Gonernor in the upcoming Republican primary. I think he is a good candidate and a good person. I do believe he would be an asset to the state of Florida. Please help him all that you can.
 
Thank you.
 
Sincerely,
 
Donald S. Wehking
572 Segovia Rd.
St. Augustine, FL
 
904-797-1981
 
<dwehking@se.rr.com>
From:	Chris Gilliland <chrisg78664@yahoo.com>
Sent:	Wednesday, July 26, 2006 11:59 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Jim King?

Dear Gov. Bush,
 
I don't understand why you support this candidate who clearly holds values that do not agree with conservatives.  Could you please explain it to me?
 
Thank You,
Chris Gilliland
 
From:	Helen Shinivar <ctn83943@centurytel.net>
Sent:	Wednesday, July 26, 2006 12:08 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Jim King

Dear Gov. Bush,
 
As a Catholic and a strong defender of life I am horrified that you would endorse and promote the election of Jim King, the man instrumental in carrying out the death of Terri Schiavo. I was so impressed with your stand in this matter at the time we were trying to save her life. What has gone wrong? Why are you now turning your back on pro-lifers and your Catholic faith?
 
I urger you tor reconsider your support of Jim King.
 
Helen Shinavar
Concerned Citizen for Life`    
Cherokee Village, AR
ctn83943@centurytel.net 
From:	ALBERTINIS2@aol.com
Sent:	Wednesday, July 26, 2006 11:43 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Jim King

Dear Governor:
 
I just heard that you intend to endorse Jim King as Republican candidate for the state senate. If this is true, it is most apalling, considering that Jim King was in part reponsible for the death of Terri Schiavo, and that he stands against everything you stand for. He is a true exponent of the "Culture of Death."
 
Therefore, I earnestly urge you to reconsider any possible endorsement. Please do not 
disappoint those of us who always supported you.
 
Sincerely,
Alberto Azula
211 W. Panama Road
Winter Springs FL 32708
407-696-2156
 
From:	anann73@aol.com
Sent:	Wednesday, July 26, 2006 11:39 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Please don't endorse Jim King!

This is not what a Republican should do.  He is totally wrong and endorses so many wrong things.
 
Sincerely,
Andrea Leonard
  _____  

MailScanner has detected a possible fraud attempt from "pr.atwola.com" claiming to be Check out AOL.com today. Breaking news, video search, pictures, email and IM. All on demand. Always Free.

From:	Catherine Calovich <CCALV002@stvincentshealth.com>
Sent:	Wednesday, July 26, 2006 11:39 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Regarding Endorsement of Jim King

Governor Bush,
 
The peace of Christ be with you.
 
I understand there is the possibility that you are planning on endorsing State Senator Jim King for another run for State Senate.
 
I ask that you re-consider.  It appears Jim King does not support many life issues...issues that are extremely important in today's society.  Issues that cannot be overlooked.  Standing up for life...in all stages...is vital, and any endorsement to the contrary is truly a step backward, especially for all those who have worked so hard for the dignity of all life.
 
May God continue to guide and direct you in governing our State.  God bless you and your family always.
 
In Christ,
 
Catherine Calovich
Duval County

  _____  

NOTICE: This message is confidential, intended for the named
recipient(s) and may contain information that is (i) proprietary to
the sender, and/or, (ii) privileged, confidential and/or otherwise
exempt from disclosure under applicable Florida and federal law,
including, but not limited to, privacy standards imposed pursuant
to the Federal Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act
of 1996 ("HIPAA"). Receipt by anyone other than the named
recipients(s) is not a waiver of any applicable privilege. If you
are not the intended recipient, please contact the sender by reply
e-mail and destroy all copies of the original message. Thank you in
advance for your compliance with this notice. 

From:	Royce at National Life Chain <Royce@nationallifechain.org>
Sent:	Wednesday, July 26, 2006 11:29 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	[*] Please do not endorse Jim King!

Dear Governor Bush:
 
I respectfully urge you, in the strongest terms I know, to refrain from endorsing Jim King's candidacy. I am not asking you to endorse his opponent. Rather, I am asking you not to endorse the destructive value system that Mr. King upholds and that contradicts your own stated values. Your endorsement of Mr. King will forever alter my appraisal of Governor Jeb Bush, and that will be the experience of thousands of other pro-life/pro-family Republicans, Independents, and Democrats. Please withhold your endorsement. Do not betray your own values. Let the primary determine the winner. Do not lend your name to the rescue of a diseased value system.
 
Respectfully submitted,
 
 
Royce Dunn
National Director of Life Chain
Life Chain is America's largest annual pro-life event
From:	Andejos@aol.com
Sent:	Wednesday, July 26, 2006 11:28 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Re: NOT Jim King...........

Governor Bush,
       The following item is a copy of an e-mail that was sent to me. Considering that the conservative people support conservative candidates w/o respect to their party it is 
disheartening to think that you would support senator King. 
       Please reconsider.
 
Richard Stewart
Elkhart, IN 46514
************************************************************
As crazy as it sounds, Governor Bush is scheduled to endorse State Senator Jim King in the Republican primary at 2:15 on Wednesday, July 26. Jim King led the charge to starve Terri Schiavo to death. Jim King is running against Randall Terry, a well-known pro-life champion, a man who fought for Terri Schiavo, and a proven Ronald Reagan conservative. http://www.randallterry.com 

We are asking you to call the governor, and voice your disapproval of this horrifying action. 

As you can imagine, this has all of us in the state of shock. Governor Bush has called Jim King a "baby." He has vetoed legislation that was obviously designed to profit Jim King personally. He has butted heads with Jim King repeatedly. 

Conversely, Jim King has opposed Governor Bush's policies on the budget, on medical malpractice reform, on tort reform, on the right to life, on homosexual adoption of children, the death of Terri Schiavo, and a host of other issues. In fact, the Orlando Sentinel stated that Jim King emerged as one of Governor Bush's strongest opponents. 

Did you see that? Jim King has been one of Governor Bush's strongest opponents! 

We must also point out that Jeb Bush is Catholic; that means that according to the teaching of the Catholic Church, he is morally obligated to oppose any candidate or elected official who supports the destruction of innocent human life by abortion or euthanasia. Jim King has been an unashamed advocate of the culture of death. 

Why is Jeb Bush doing this? Who knows. 

But this we know: he must hear from us that such a decision is absolutely unacceptable to those of us who defend the culture of life, and have supported him and his political career. 

The governor's office opens at 8 a.m. He is scheduled to endorse Jim King at 2:15 p.m. at the Republican headquarters in Tallahassee. 

We are asking you to begin calling Governor Bush's office at 8 a.m. to urge him to not endorse Senator Jim King. Call your friends or e-mail them and asked them to do the same. 

In case you did not know -- the Republican Party principle has always been that elected officials (such as Governor Bush) should stay out of primary races. 

Governor Bush is ignoring this long cherished principle of the Republican Party -- and worse -- he is ignoring every principle and core value that he has promoted during his tenure as governor. By supporting a man who flagrantly disregards the life of the innocent, and the time-honored definition of family, he is making a mockery of his eight years of rhetoric. 

Governor Bush needs to know that such an action is unacceptable to us -- the base of the Republican Party. He also needs to know that his actions are being witnessed and deplored by people from around the country who have stood with him in the fight to save Terri from starvation. 

The thought of Governor Bush endorsing the Senator who led the fight to starve an innocent woman to death - a senator who supports Roe vs Wade - a Senator who wants homosexual "couples" to be able to adopt children - the very thought is heartbreaking. It again shows why so many people of principle get disillusioned and disgusted by "politics as usual." His phone needs to ring off the hook. Governor Bush's office opens at 8:00 AM. We are asking you to phone him and urge him to not carry through with his plan to endorse Jim King. If you get this after the endorsement has already occurred, call Governor Bush and urge him to rescind his endorsement. Jim King's corruption goes far deeper than his support of euthanasia and abortion on demand. 

Governor Bush's phone number is 850-488-7146; his fax number is 850-487-0801. 

If you have the ability to contact the governor directly, we urge you do so. Also, Jeb@myflorida.com is his email address. 

Please call him immediately, and forward this to your friends. Urge them to call him as well. 

If you received this e-mail from a friend, please go to http://www.randallterry.com to see for yourself just how much Jim King is a supporter of what John Paul II and President Bush call the “culture of death.” 

We believe the governor Bush is a good man; but we also believe that this decision showed incredibly bad judgment. No matter what Governor Bush does or says -- we will continue on this path until victory is achieved for Randall Terry on September 5 in the Republican primary. 

We trust you will be a part of that victory! 

Please go to http://www.randallterry.com to find out how you can volunteer for Randall's election, or how you can contribute on line. 

From:	cnanney@bellsouth.net
Sent:	Wednesday, July 26, 2006 11:28 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Randall Terry

PLEASE do not endorse Jim King.  He represents the culture of death.  PLEASE 
stay true to your Catholic faith and support Randall Terry.  You know he is 
a good man and will not compromise his beliefs.  PLEASE do not compromise 
yours!

Sue Ann Nanney
595 Vaill Point Rd.
St. Augustine, Fl 32086

cnanney@bellsouth.net 


From:	Vicki Taylor <taylorfamily3385@hotmail.com>
Sent:	Wednesday, July 26, 2006 11:26 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Governor Bush endorsing Jim King?!

Governor Bush,

It is difficult to express my outrage in respectful terms.  It's impossible for me to understand how you could be doing this......endorsing Jim King in the Republican Primary over Randall Terry.  This makes no sense at all!  One has to wonder if you've just completely lost your mind!  You might as well tell me that the Pope has decided to become a muslim!  This is crazy!  The man is a political opponent!  He is not an ally of yours!  What are you doing???

Sincerely,

Mrs. J. J. Taylor

Watertown, TN


From:	McIntosh, Bill <bmcintosh@stei.com>
Sent:	Wednesday, July 26, 2006 11:26 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Jeb are you seriously going to support Jim King....

Governor Bush-you can’t support Jim King without betraying the Republican party and the people of this state. Support Randall Terry!!!

 

Bill McIntosh

Republican activist 

From:	Dr. Gene Youngblood <dryblood@mail.bellsouth.net>
Sent:	Wednesday, July 26, 2006 11:23 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Cc:	DOT YOUNGBLOOD
Subject:	KING endorsement

Dear HONORABLE Jeb Bush, Governor:

 

The purpose of this communication is to BEG you NOT to endorse Jim King. Mr King has shown his lack of ethics, moral values and any concerns for the Christian –religious community when he severely chastised the pastor for simply praying in JESUS NAME. Mr King stands with the gambling and liquor industry, both of which are destroying the fundamental values of our society.

 

I have confidence in you as a moral religious man and feel that it is a mishandling of the citizens trust in you and the great office which you hold if you approve the candidacy of Mr. King.

 

Sincerely,

Dr.Gene A. Youngblood

 

From:	Peter Coschignano <petercoschignano@yahoo.com>
Sent:	Wednesday, July 26, 2006 11:21 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Jim King Endorsement

Dear Governor Bush,
 
I was informed that this day at 2:15 PM you are scheduled to endorse the candidacy of Jim King. As a fellow Christian and brother in the lord I implore you to refrain from this act. Mr. King has shown time and again his wanton disregard for the sanctity of human life and is not worthy of your endorsement.
 
Terri Schaivo is but one of numerous examples of his indifference, and I am sure there are countless others as well.
 
Please re-consider your action in this matter and ask the Lord for what you need to do before it is too late to reverse it. My wife and i have had great admiration for the strong way you have run the office of Governor the past 7+ years and wish the White House was next in your career as a true leader.
 
Thank you for your courage and determination to do what is morally and legally right.
 
Blessings,
 
Peter J. Coschignano
Groveland, Florida

  _____  

Do you Yahoo!?
Next-gen email? Have it all with the all-new Yahoo! Mail Beta.
From:	The Wigners <wigner5@comcast.net>
Sent:	Wednesday, July 26, 2006 11:18 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	PLEASE DO NOT endorse Jim King!

Dear Governor Bush,

 

I would like to respectfully plead with you not to endorse Jim King for re-election to the state Senate on local television today.  Senator King does not hold to traditional Republican values.  He also sets himself against strong family values which are key to a strong community and in turn a strong state!

 

Thank you for your consideration and your commitment to lead our state with bold moral conviction.  Feel free to contact me if you have any questions.  

 

Sincerely,

Lisa Wigner

From:	hessond@bellsouth.net
Sent:	Wednesday, July 26, 2006 11:18 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Do not endorse King

Dear Governor Bush -

I strongly oppose your endorsement of Jim King in particular on the basis of his opposition to pro-life issues.  Jim King has a history of opposition to you! His anti-life stance, however, has made him a dangerous candidate for any office in our state. 

Please reconsider this endorsement.

Sincerely,
Dorothy Hesson
hessond@bellsouth.net
District 21  Saint Augustine, Florida

From:	Steve Pokorny <tob_ministries@yahoo.com>
Sent:	Wednesday, July 26, 2006 11:10 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Support Randall Terry

Dear Gov. Bush,
 
I don't understand why you are supporting Jim King.  He has opposed your policies on the budget, on medical malpractice reform, on tort reform, on the right to life, on homosexual adoption of children, the death of Terri Schiavo, and a host of other issues. In fact, the Orlando Sentinel stated that Jim King emerged as one of your strongest opponents.
 
Randall Terry is a candate who holds most closely to what the Republicans and the Catholic Faith teaches.  Please endorce him.
 
Sincerely,
Steve Pokorny

  _____  

Do you Yahoo!?
Everyone is raving about the all-new Yahoo! Mail Beta.
From:	Bburrows@vehiclesys.com
Sent:	Wednesday, July 26, 2006 11:10 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Endorsement of Jim King


I am shocked and appalled that you would even consider supporting Jim King for Senator. I was deeply saddened at the events of Terry Schiavo and several others in the state of Florida and now this. It makes me question your ability to reason properly as a Republican with reportedly Christian Morality. Please do not put this demoralizing person in a leadership position, not in Florida or in the United States Senate. Randall Terry is obviously a far superior choice.
From:	Judith D'Agostino <dagostinoj@acsh.org>
Sent:	Tuesday, July 25, 2006 11:05 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	NO to Endorsement of Jim King

You have broken my heart, Governor Bush! I understand that you are about to endorse Jim King for Congress. This is unbelievable as you, as well as I, know his horrific voting record. If you go through with this endorsement, you are off my list as one of the few "good guys" left. Please reconsider. 
Thank you and may God bless you and your family and may He guide you to do what is right. 

Judy D'Agostino 
Member 
NY Republican County Committee 

From:	Monica <Monica@myrealbox.com>
Sent:	Wednesday, July 26, 2006 11:08 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	HUH?  Please tell me it can't be!

"Governor Bush is scheduled to endorse State Senator Jim King in the Republican primary at 2:15 on Wednesday, July 26."

I'm stunned.  I guess I shouldn't be though.  
You just proved yourself a typical politician.
Oh, by the way, thanks for making a mockery of Catholic faith with this endorsement, too.  
Just what the Church needs, another high-profile two-faced "Catholic" politician.

When the Presidential primaries come around, do all of us a favor and KEEP your hat.

Monica Evans
OHIO

--The highest perfection consists not in interior favors or in great raptures, but in the bringing of our wills so closely into conformity with the Will of God that, as soon as we realize that he wills anything, we desire it ourselves with all our might. -- St. Teresa of Avila 

From:	Howard Johnson <discoveryintl@comcast.net>
Sent:	Wednesday, July 26, 2006 11:06 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Jim King endorsement

Dear Governor Bush,
 
I cannot believe you are actually going break our trust to endorse Senator Jim King for the Florida Senate District Eight!  Senator King has voted to give illegal aliens free college tuition with our state tax dollars.  Violating the conscience of moral voters, he supports giving children to homosexual couples for adoption.  He openly supports Roe vs. Wade, and fought to have Terri Schaivo put to death. 
 
Politically Senator King has given Democratic senators key committees chairmanships and vice chairmanships when he was Senate President.  He is currently under an ethics investigation for taking an illegal $48,000 trip to Canada paid for by the gambling industry.  And, he killed medical malpractice reform after accepting thousands of dollars in campaign contributions from Florida’s trial lawyers.
 
How can Florida’s voters trust you or the Republican Party if we see endorsements like this?  We would ask you to please reconsider your position and in fact we would ask you to endorse, instead, a real man of integrity, Randall Terry for the 8th Florida Senate District.
 
Mr. Terry opposes illegal immigration and believes that it is the responsibility of government to protect our borders.  He is committed to preserving traditional marriage and defending the rights of the unborn.  He supports medical malpractice reform and fought to save Terri Schiavo’s life. 
 
Senator King has become the “Ted Kennedy” of Florida politics. Please Governor Bush, stop acting like a Democrat and start acting like the conservative Republican you portray yourself to be.  Your endorsement of Senator King would be a betrayal of our trust in you as both governor and a Republican. 
 
With all due respect,
 
Howard & Judith Johnson
7113 Fort Caroline Hills Drive 
Jacksonville, Florida    32277 
From:	Debra <debowen@comcast.net>
Sent:	Wednesday, July 26, 2006 11:01 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	endorsement of Jim King in Primary against Randall Terry

Governor Bush,
  I am a big supporter of yours.  I voted for you both terms and would love to see you run for president but I am very disturbed by the rumor that you will be coming out with an endorsement of Jim King in the primary against Randall Terry.  I can't imagine why you would take sides like that and I hope it isn't
true.  It's very obvious that the Duval County Republican executive committee has decided to do this and I have heard that the Republican party of Florida is now saying that we should support the incumbent.  Since when is it our policy to support one Republican over another unless one has blatantly betrayed the principals our party stands for?  If you are in fact planning on backing Jim King, then I hope you will reconsider and wait until the primary is over. 
 
Sincerely
Debra Owen
Registered Voter
Duval County
From:	leonchow@comcast.net
Sent:	Wednesday, July 26, 2006 10:57 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	[*] don't endorse Jim King!

Governor Bush,  I read with horror in the paper that you plan on endorsing Jim King.  I urge you to reconsider and to stay  neutral in this race.   I can assure you that Sen. King does not have the support of the conservative base in northeast Florida.  This base provides the energy that has helped push Republicans to victory; "moderates" do not go out and knock on doors for votes when crunch time comes.  An endorsement for Sen. King would deflate momentum needed to help push other deserving Republicans to victory this fall.  Please reconsider.  
Sincerely, Leon Chow, MD
From:	Lemos, Alice <ALemos@WBCSK.COM>
Sent:	Wednesday, July 26, 2006 10:55 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Jimm king - do not endorse!

Jimmy King is a vicious pro abort.  I am asking that you do not support him over Randall Terry in the primary.  IF you do, you will hurt your chances to eventually run for President  Sincerely, Alice Lemos

  _____  

NOTICE: This message is intended only for the use of the individual or entity to which it is addressed, and may contain information that is privileged, confidential or exempt from disclosure under applicable law. If you are not the intended recipient of this message, or the employee or agent responsible for delivering this message to the intended recipient, you are advised that any dissemination, distribution or copying of this message, or acting on the information contained herein, may be a violation of applicable law and is strictly prohibited. If you have received this message in error, please notify the sender immediately by replying to this message. 

From:	Illinois Right to Life Committee <illinoisrighttolife@ameritech.net>
Sent:	Wednesday, July 26, 2006 10:53 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	[*] Do NOT endorse Jim King

Governor Bush:
 
Do not make the same mistake that Senator Santorem and President Bush made in Pennsylvania.  They both endorsed Arlen Specter against a Pro-Life challenger.  Now Specter is sponsoring a bill that attempts to allow Congress to challenge the President in the courts.  Specter has failed to move the President's judicial candidates beyond the original high profile cases.  
 
Jim King has a strong pro-death record.  He does not deserve your endorsement.
 
Sincerely,
 
William Beckman
From:	SlatteryNY@aol.com
Sent:	Wednesday, July 26, 2006 10:54 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Gov. Bush, Why I am outraged at your planned endorsement of Jim King- Senate 8

Dear Governor Bush,
 
How can you endorse Jim King in the GOP primary in Senate District 8 when you are a strong pro-life advocate?
 
I have the utmost respect for you and your leadership, but endorsing Jim King over hard core conservative Randall Terry is an outrage!
 
Randall is the epitome of a strong conservative, pro-life leader... just the kind of man we need in the Florida Senate.
 
Senator Jim King has betrayed our cause of Life many times!
 
My wife and I own property in Orlando.
 
We strongly disagree with your strategy and tactic if the plan to endorse Jim King today is true.
 
Please reconsider this decision and reverse course ASAP.
 
Thanks and God Bless, Chris and Eileen Slattery
From:	Emilio/Anthea <emilio.martinez@yahoo.com>
Sent:	Wednesday, July 26, 2006 10:40 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Please reconsider support of Jim King

Dear Governor Bush:
 
I received an e-mail from Randall Terry informing me that you would be publicly endorsing Jim King in his re-election campaign. Mr. Terry can offer no reason for your support, given Sen. King's long track record of opposing your efforts, especially in the Terri Schiavo case.
 
If this is true, please reconsider your support for Jim King.
 
Or at least explain yourself.
 
Sincerely,
Emilio Martinez
From:	Tony Vacca <vtavision@charter.net>
Sent:	Wednesday, July 26, 2006 10:30 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Endorsement

Mr. Bush,
 
I share the same faith as you do and for the life of me there is no political position in this world that is worth risking your principles.  This man does not share the same beliefs as you do except he has an R next to his name.  
 
Please Mr. Bush if you don't like Mr. Terry that's one thing.  However, I always thought a governor was suppose to stay out of a race that involves two Republicans opposing each other.  I have always thought of you as someone with high principles but if this endorsement happens I will have lost all faith in you.  I hope at 2:15 EST I will be hearing from the media you have pulled the endorsement.  If you do endorse this man then you become like most other politicians.  What's it going to be Mr. Bush?
 
Tony Vacca
Mansfield, TX
From:	Sheree Lally <realtor44@att.net>
Sent:	Wednesday, July 26, 2006 10:31 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	WHAT are you thinking???????

Have you lost your mind?????   How IN THE WORLD can you come out and endorse an evil man like Jim King when you are a Catholic and supposed to be pro-life?    Let's not even talk about only one issue.   The man supports gay adoption, gay marriage, euthanasia and murder.   We were taught that "euthanasia -- mercy killing" was for those who would be dying soon.   Terri Schiavo wasn't dying at all.   She was simply murdered.   Jim King is your biggest opponent.   Who is behind this stupid endorsement????      Sheree Lally.......Louisville, KY
From:	RJCrom246@aol.com
Sent:	Wednesday, July 26, 2006 10:25 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	PLEASE DO NOT ENDORSE JIM KING AS OUR REPUBLICAN CANDIDATE

Governor Bush: Please DO NOT endorse Jim King as our Republican candidate.............he will betray all of my beliefs as a Christian.  
 
Thank you for this consideration,
Robbie T. Crombie
11930 Hidden Hills Drive
Jacksonville, Florida 32225
From:	Kimberly Eggert <av8trx@midsouth.rr.com>
Sent:	Wednesday, July 26, 2006 10:18 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Fw: What?! Governor Bush endorsing Jim King?! The man who fought to starve Terri Schiavo?!

Governor Bush:
 
Could this be true?  As a Roman Catholic, I pray not!  Life trumps all issues...I hope the attached email is just someone who has rec'd a bad rumor...please DO NOT endorse this Jim King.  Please support Randall Terry instead!
 
Sincerely,
 
Kim Eggert
Memphis, TN
----- Original Message ----- 
From: The Randall Terry Team 
To: av8trx@midsouth.rr.com 
Sent: Wednesday, July 26, 2006 12:46 AM
Subject: What?! Governor Bush endorsing Jim King?! The man who fought to starve Terri Schiavo?!

Web Bug from http://rs6.net/on.jsp?t=1101361216448.0.1101357405561.1934&ts=S0196&o=http://ui.constantcontact.com/images/p1x1.gif 
 	
 	
Dear Friends, 

As crazy as it sounds, Governor Bush is scheduled to endorse State Senator Jim King in the Republican primary at 2:15 on Wednesday, July 26. Jim King led the charge to starve Terri Schiavo to death. Jim King is running against Randall Terry, a well-known pro-life champion, a man who fought for Terri Schiavo, and a proven Ronald Reagan conservative. http://www.randallterry.com 

We are asking you to call the governor, and voice your disapproval of this horrifying action. 

As you can imagine, this has all of us in the state of shock. Governor Bush has called Jim King a "baby." He has vetoed legislation that was obviously designed to profit Jim King personally. He has butted heads with Jim King repeatedly. 

Conversely, Jim King has opposed Governor Bush's policies on the budget, on medical malpractice reform, on tort reform, on the right to life, on homosexual adoption of children, the death of Terri Schiavo, and a host of other issues. In fact, the Orlando Sentinel stated that Jim King emerged as one of Governor Bush's strongest opponents. 

Did you see that? Jim King has been one of Governor Bush's strongest opponents! 

We must also point out that Jeb Bush is Catholic; that means that according to the teaching of the Catholic Church, he is morally obligated to oppose any candidate or elected official who supports the destruction of innocent human life by abortion or euthanasia. Jim King has been an unashamed advocate of the culture of death. 

Why is Jeb Bush doing this? Who knows. 

But this we know: he must hear from us that such a decision is absolutely unacceptable to those of us who defend the culture of life, and have supported him and his political career. 

The governor's office opens at 8 a.m. He is scheduled to endorse Jim King at 2:15 p.m. at the Republican headquarters in Tallahassee. 

We are asking you to begin calling Governor Bush's office at 8 a.m. to urge him to not endorse Senator Jim King. Call your friends or e-mail them and asked them to do the same. 

In case you did not know -- the Republican Party principle has always been that elected officials (such as Governor Bush) should stay out of primary races. 

Governor Bush is ignoring this long cherished principle of the Republican Party -- and worse -- he is ignoring every principle and core value that he has promoted during his tenure as governor. By supporting a man who flagrantly disregards the life of the innocent, and the time-honored definition of family, he is making a mockery of his eight years of rhetoric. 

Governor Bush needs to know that such an action is unacceptable to us -- the base of the Republican Party. He also needs to know that his actions are being witnessed and deplored by people from around the country who have stood with him in the fight to save Terri from starvation. 

The thought of Governor Bush endorsing the Senator who led the fight to starve an innocent woman to death - a senator who supports Roe vs Wade - a Senator who wants homosexual "couples" to be able to adopt children - the very thought is heartbreaking. It again shows why so many people of principle get disillusioned and disgusted by "politics as usual." His phone needs to ring off the hook. Governor Bush's office opens at 8:00 AM. We are asking you to phone him and urge him to not carry through with his plan to endorse Jim King. If you get this after the endorsement has already occurred, call Governor Bush and urge him to rescind his endorsement. Jim King's corruption goes far deeper than his support of euthanasia and abortion on demand. 

Governor Bush's phone number is 850-488-7146; his fax number is 850-487-0801. 

If you have the ability to contact the governor directly, we urge you do so. Also, Jeb@myflorida.com is his email address. 

Please call him immediately, and forward this to your friends. Urge them to call him as well. 

If you received this e-mail from a friend, please go to http://www.randallterry.com to see for yourself just how much Jim King is a supporter of what John Paul II and President Bush call the “culture of death.” 

We believe the governor Bush is a good man; but we also believe that this decision showed incredibly bad judgment. No matter what Governor Bush does or says -- we will continue on this path until victory is achieved for Randall Terry on September 5 in the Republican primary. 

We trust you will be a part of that victory! 

Please go to http://www.randallterry.com to find out how you can volunteer for Randall's election, or how you can contribute on line. 

God bless you. 

The Randall Terry Team. 





 	
 	

Forward email

	
 
This email was sent to av8trx@midsouth.rr.com, by terry4senate@aol.com
Update Profile/Email Address | Instant removal with SafeUnsubscribe™ | Privacy Policy.
Powered by
 

Randall Terry for Florida State Senate | PO Box 3886 | St. Augustine | FL | 32085 	

From:	zmann@bellsouth.net
Sent:	Wednesday, July 26, 2006 10:15 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	[*] Why not Randall Terry?!?!

Importance:	High

Governor Bush,
I am still new to Florida...almost one year now.  I am a registered Republican and a converted Catholic.  I have always supported you and the president.  The decisions each of you make are very difficult ones but I have been proud of both of you for the character and moral leadership in your respected roles.  

Florida is a wonderful state.  My daughter is a junior at  FSU and studing law.  We are impressed with the many things this state has to offer and I am proud of what you have done as Governor.

I understand today you plan on supporting Jim KIng................why ?!

He is not pro-life..........you and your party are.  You and your faith are.

I don't know of any reason you could support Jim King.

If for some reason you do not want to support Randall Terry then why endorse either?  Your endorsement  and support are very poweful.  How can you live with this decision?

Please explain to me your reasons?

Richard Ziemann
Irena Ziemann
Larissa Ziemann
5 Crosstie Court
Palm Coast FL
32137 




From:	Wayne Brooks <wayne@brooksair.com>
Sent:	Wednesday, July 26, 2006 10:14 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Endorsement

Governor,
 
I urge you to not endorse Jim King. He is an old school politician and you should not diminish your record by pacifying him. Please do not do this!!!

Wayne Brooks

Brooks Air Systems, Inc.



www.brooksair.com

 

 


--
No virus found in this outgoing message.
Checked by AVG Free Edition.
Version: 7.1.394 / Virus Database: 268.10.4/399 - Release Date: 7/25/2006


From:	Mary Ann Kreitzer <kreitzr1@shentel.net>
Sent:	Wednesday, July 26, 2006 10:09 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Cc:	Gary McCullough
Subject:	Please say it's not true that you are planning to endorse Sen. King

Dear Governor Bush,
 
You have often been in my prayers since your heroic defense of Terri Schindler.
 
So when I read that you are likely to endorse Senator Jim King for state senate I was shocked.  Can it be true that you've forgotten Terri and Senator King's efforts to procure her grisly starvation.  You might as well be endorsing Dr. Mengele.  Senator King's blatant disregard for the fundamental rights of the disabled make him a particularly frightening choice in a state with a large population of vulnerable elderly.
 
You were a hero to so many pro-life citizens when you fought for Terri.  Many see you as a potential candidate for the presidency in the future.  But pro-lifers have long memories and if you endorse Senator King we will not forget the betrayal.
 
Please, as a fellow Catholic, I beg you not to do this thing.  I don't expect you to endorse Randall Terry, but please, just stay silent. To endorse a man who was one of the architects of such a heinous act is to share in all the condemnation he deserves.
 
Sincerely,
 
Mary Ann Kreitzer
Les Femmes
www.lesfemmes-thetruth.org
 
"The first law of history is not to dare to utter falsehood; the second, not to fear to speak the truth."
Pope Leo XIII
From:	Roberto Sanchez <Roberto.Sanchez@logos.edu>
Sent:	Wednesday, July 26, 2006 10:20 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	FW: What?! Governor Bush endorsing Jim King?!?! Let your voice be heard!

Is this true?

Thanks!

 

Hno. Roberto Sánchez 
Decano Administrativo 
Logos Christian College/UCL-Universidad Cristiana Logos 
9000 Regency Square Blvd.
Jacksonville, FL 32211 
904-745-3311 Ext. 115 
Fax: 904-743-8866 
roberto.sanchez@logos.edu 
www.logos.edu 
www.universidadcristianalogos.com 

 

  _____  

From: Pat Brown [mailto:prayergirl@comcast.net] 
Sent: Wednesday, July 26, 2006 1:22 AM
To: 'Pat Brown'
Subject: FW: What?! Governor Bush endorsing Jim King?!?! Let your voice be heard!

 

My dear friends….please read the following and ACT NOW! 

 

 

PAT BROWN

 

In Him, I can do all things! Phil. 4:13

904.860.2524 

 

 

  _____  

From: The Randall Terry Team [mailto:terry4senate@aol.com] 
Sent: Wednesday, July 26, 2006 1:05 AM
To: prayergirl@comcast.net
Subject: What?! Governor Bush endorsing Jim King?!?! Let your voice be heard!

 

Web Bug from http://rs6.net/on.jsp?t=1101361216137.0.1101357405561.166&ts=S0196&o=http://ui.constantcontact.com/images/p1x1.gif

 

 


Dear Friends, 

As crazy as it sounds, Governor Bush is scheduled to endorse State Senator Jim King in the Republican primary at 2:15 on Wednesday, July 26. Jim King is running against Randall Terry, a well-known pro-life champion, and approving Ronald Reagan conservative. http://www.randallterry.com

We are asking you to call the governor, and voice your disapproval of this horrifying action. 

As you can imagine, this has all of us in the state of shock. Governor Bush has called Jim King a "baby." He has vetoed legislation that was obviously designed to profit Jim King personally. He has butted heads with Jim King repeatedly.

Conversely, Jim King has opposed Governor Bush's policies on the budget, on medical malpractice reform, on tort reform, on the right to life, on homosexual adoption of children, the death of Terri Schiavo, and a host of other issues. In fact, the Orlando Sentinel stated that Jim King emerged as one of Governor Bush's strongest opponents.

Did you see that? Jim King has been one of Governor Bush's strongest opponents!

We must also point out that Jeb Bush is Catholic; that means that according to the teaching of the Catholic Church, he is morally obligated to oppose any candidate or elected official who supports the destruction of innocent human life by abortion or euthanasia. Jim King has been an unashamed advocate of the culture of death.

Why is Jeb Bush doing this? Who knows.

But this we know: he must hear from us that such a decision is absolutely unacceptable to those of us who defend the culture of life, and have supported him and his political career.

The governor's office opens at 8 a.m. He is scheduled to endorse Jim King at 2:15 p.m. at the Republican headquarters in Tallahassee.

We are asking you to begin calling Governor Bush's office at 8 a.m. to urge him to not endorse Senator Jim King. Call your friends or e-mail them and asked them to do the same.

In case you did not know -- the Republican Party principle has always been that elected officials (such as Governor Bush) should stay out of primary races.

Governor Bush is ignoring this long cherished principle of the Republican Party -- and worse -- he is ignoring every principle and core value that he has promoted during his tenure as governor. By supporting a man who flagrantly disregards the life of the innocent, and the time-honored definition of family, he is making a mockery of his eight years of rhetoric.

Governor Bush needs to know that such an action is unacceptable to us -- the base of the Republican Party. He also needs to know that his actions are being witnessed and deplored by those of us who have stood with him on a number of issues.

His phone needs to ring off the hook. Governor Bush's office opens at 8:00 AM. We are asking you to phone him and urge him to not carry through with his plan to endorse Jim King. If you get this after the endorsement has already occurred, call Governor Bush and urge him to rescind his endorsement. Jim King's corruption goes far deeper than his support of euthanasia and abortion on demand.

Governor Bush's phone number is 850-488-7146; his fax number is 850-487-0801.

If you have the ability to contact the governor directly, we urge you do so. Also, Jeb@myflorida.com is his email address.

Please call him immediately, and forward this to your friends. Urge them to call him as well. 

If you received this e-mail from a friend, please go to http://www.randallterry.com to see for yourself just how much Jim King is a supporter of what John Paul II and President Bush call the “culture of death.”

We believe the governor Bush is a good man; but we also believe that this decision showed incredibly bad judgment. No matter what Governor Bush does or says -- we will continue on this path until victory is achieved for Randall Terry on September 5 in the Republican primary.

We trust you will be a part of that victory!

The Randall Terry Team. 



 

 

 

Forward email

 

This email was sent to prayergirl@comcast.net, by terry4senate@aol.com

Update Profile/Email Address | Instant removal with SafeUnsubscribe™ | Privacy Policy.

Powered by

 


Randall Terry for Florida State Senate | PO Box 3886 | St. Augustine | FL | 32085 

 

From:	colleen garson <bflomiff@yahoo.com>
Sent:	Wednesday, July 26, 2006 10:02 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Alleged Jim King endorsement

Dear Gov. Bush:


I wanted you to know that their is an allegation that
you are going to endorse Jim King today at 2PM.  If
this is true, I ask you to reconsider. As a Director
of a Crisis Pregnancy Center in Jacksonville , I find
this confusing , as I know that you are pro-life and
Mr. King, is not. As it is , sir, and as you know, we
have the deck stacked against us anyway without making
things more difficult. Many of us are concerned about
the State of Florida when you leave office as you and
the President have been our beacon in the darkness of
politics. Thank you for your support of pregnancy help
centers.  The Florida Pregnancy Support Services
Program  has given us the encouragement that our work
is not in vain. Women have the right to know all their
options before making a decision about their unplanned
pregnancy. They also must have accurate information
about birth control and condom use. The general
population believes that they are STD free if they use
a condom! Believe it..  I know I deal with these
clients Monday through Friday. I had a cousin die from
aids that used them. There still is a failure rate!
You know how friends are to stop friends from driving
drunk?  Those who care for women give them accurate
information. I sincerely ask you to reconsider this
endorsement if this is a true allegation.

                            C. Garson

__________________________________________________
Do You Yahoo!?
Tired of spam?  Yahoo! Mail has the best spam protection around 
http://mail.yahoo.com 
From:	Mary Fantina <vze3kfxw@verizon.net>
Sent:	Wednesday, July 26, 2006 10:01 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Endorsement of Anti-Life candidate

Dear Governor Bush,
I am dismayed to hear that you are considering endorsing Jim King, a man who was instrumental in killing Terry Schiavo, who is pro-abortion, and who supports the adoption of children by gay partners.
As you have demonstrated that you are pro-life, I cannot believe that you would act out of political expediency.  Please do not endorse him.
I am a Catholic and I know there are very few Catholic politicians that are really Catholic - who really believe in the teachings of the church and act on them.  Up to now, you have been one of those politicians who is a real Catholic.  Please don't join the ranks of the politicians who are Catholic only to get a vote.  Please act as you believe.  Anti-life candidates such as Jim King must be denied or defeated.

Don't let unborn children down; don't let another incapacitated person be starved to death.  Your endorsement is very important: to give it to an anti-life candidate is to turn your back on life.  Please don't do it.

Mary E. Fantina
Bernardsville, NJ
From:	Jennifer McCarthy <jenny1mk@verizon.net>
Sent:	Wednesday, July 26, 2006 9:59 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Endorsement of Jim King

Dear Governor Bush,
As a fellow Catholic, I am writing to beg you not to endorse Jim King, a known anti-life supporter. Although I do not live in Florida, my husband's entire family does. We have watched your amazing support of life for many years, and envision great (!) things for your political life. Please continue your strong support for life. 
Thank you and God bless you.
Jennifer McCarthy
From:	cjr3593@peoplepc.com
Sent:	Wednesday, July 26, 2006 9:56 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Jim King

Dear Sir:
 
With all my heart I pray that you will not endorse Jim King for Governor.  He is not the man for the job.  His pro-choice, pro-abortion stand is not acceptable for a Senate President.  I also believe this will split the Republican Party in Florida in the coming elections!
 
Yours truly 
 
Rev. Carl J. Rogers
From:	David Fantina <dfantina@worldnet.att.net>
Sent:	Wednesday, July 26, 2006 9:55 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Jim King

Dear Mr. Governor,
Please do not endorse Jim King in the upcoming election.  Mr. King is an open advocate of the culture of death (supporting abortion and other atrocities), while his opponent, Randall Terry, has been consistently pro-life.
Thank you.
David Fantina
Bernardsville, NJ
From:	NickelsGK@aol.com
Sent:	Wednesday, July 26, 2006 9:49 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Urgent--do NOT endorse Jim King

Dear Governor Bush,
    You have been the champion of life--however your credibility on this issue will largely vanish with an endorsement of Jim King. I could hardly believe my eyes when I read what you are planning. PLEASE do not go ahead with this! 
                                                    Thank You, 
 
                                                    Jerry Nickels
From:	Tom.Lacey@Alcan.com
Sent:	Wednesday, July 26, 2006 9:46 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Please do not endorse JIm King who has opposed you on most issues.




We write as strong supporters of you Governor Bush. Please do not endorse
this disgraceful man. By supporting a man who flagrantly disregards the
life of the innocent, and the time-honored definition of family you are
making a very big mistake and the wrong message to those who support you.
Jim King has opposed Governor Bush's policies on the budget, on medical
malpractice reform, on tort reform, on the right to life, on homosexual
adoption of children, the death of Terri Schiavo, and a host of other
issues. In fact, the Orlando Sentinel stated that Jim King emerged as one
of Governor Bush's strongest opponents.
      In the past you have really stood for good things. Do not throw the
respect you have earned out the window.
Thanks,
      The Lacey Family


Notice:
This message and any attachments are the property of Alcan and are intended
solely for the named recipients or entity to whom this message is
addressed. If you have received this message in error please inform the
sender via e-mail and destroy the message. If you are not the intended
recipient you are not allowed to use, copy or disclose the contents or
attachments in whole or in part.

From:	Sonny Foraker <sforaker@fbcpearland.org>
Sent:	Wednesday, July 26, 2006 9:36 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	endorsement

Dear Governor Bush,

With all due respect I ask you to NOT endorse Jim King.  I know your convictions are pro-life, therefore we must be consistent in our convictions regardless of party or friendship.  It is too important for the children yet born.  I urge you to reconsider your possible endorsement and allow the people to choose.

 

Thanks you,

Pastor Sonny Foraker

First Baptist Church

From:	Lucia Dalia <ldalia@copper.net>
Sent:	Wednesday, July 26, 2006 9:29 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Please do not endorse Jim King

Dear Governor Jeb Bush,
 
My name is Lucia Dalia. I reside in Jacksonville, Florida, zip code 32210.
 
I am writing you to urge you not to  endorse or support Senator Jim King.
 
His views and his record are clearly pro death.  He is an advocate for abortion, euthanasia and other "causes" that are breaking down OUR family values.
 
I am sure you know how callous he was in regards to our beloved Terri Schindler-Schiavo. He stated that he wanted to see her die.
 
I pray and hope that you have the courage and strength to do the right thing and not endorse or support this man.
 
Please be encouraged, the majority of the people love and cherish the family life.   Also, please be encouraged that it is your duty and responsibility to uphold what is true and good, not necessarily what 
may be considered to be the popular opinion.    
 
Thank you so much for your time.   
 
May God continue to bless you and your family,
 
Lucia Dalia
ldalia@copper.net
 
 
From:	Pat <bbird59@verizon.net>
Sent:	Wednesday, July 26, 2006 9:24 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Jim King

Dear Governor Bush,


I have just received information that you are going to back Jim King.  I 
urge you to reconsider.  Why would you choose to do this?  I hope you 
change your mind.  It is the wrong call, in my opinion.


Sincerely,


Pat Rodler


From:	Dave Ray <patriotspride2003@yahoo.com>
Sent:	Wednesday, July 26, 2006 9:26 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	[*] Oppose King

Govenor Bush:
I am shocked and ashamed that the candidate I elected whom I believed to be a fellow conservative , would side with a man who wants to destroy all you fought for. By endorsing Jim King, an ardent opponent of yours and your values, you not only are helping promote anti-life and anti-Christian policies, you would be, in fact implementing them through this action. I support Randal Terry, a man who has been in the middle of our culture war fighting to save Terri Schindler Schiavo. As a man of high morals you should to. Politically, your action has hurt the pro-family, pro-life movement and its chances to get a legislatorwho will promote as John Paul II called it, a culture of life.
 
David L. Ray Jr.
Jacksonville Fl

  _____  

Do you Yahoo!?
Get on board. You're invited to try the new Yahoo! Mail Beta.
From:	allen nyhuis <anyhuis@hotmail.com>
Sent:	Wednesday, July 26, 2006 9:23 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Please do NOT endorse Sen. King!

Governor Bush,

Though I live in Indiana, I have been a long time supporter of yours.  I've, 
over the years, contributed money to your campaigns as well as the Florida 
Republican Party.  I'm also a strong supporter of your brother in the White 
House, and one of my hopes is that YOU will someday occupy that same office.

However, though, I strongly urge you to NOT endorse Senator King, as it's 
reported you will do today.  I'm not sure about his primary opponent, but 
clearly Sen. King does not represent the core Republican values of pro-life 
and pro-family, which both I and you support.  I urge you to simply stand 
back and let the Republican voters of Sen. King's district decide on the 
nominee -- without any influence from you.  Please consider this!

Thank you and God bless!
    Allen Nyhuis
    Indianapolis, Indiana


From:	tom lynn <tomlynn@rcn.com>
Sent:	Wednesday, July 26, 2006 9:19 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	[*] Fw: What?! Governor Bush endorsing Jim King?! The man who fought to starve Terri Schiavo?!

Dear sir:

What's up with this endorsement?  You have us all wondering.  We thought you 
had more principle.

Regards,
-Tom Lynn


----- Original Message ----- 
From: "The Randall Terry Team" <terry4senate@aol.com>
To: <tomlynn@rcn.com>
Sent: Wednesday, July 26, 2006 1:44 AM
Subject: What?! Governor Bush endorsing Jim King?! The man who fought to 
starve Terri Schiavo?
>
>
>
>
>
>
> 
From:	BETTY BAILEY <cowgirlbetsy@msn.com>
Sent:	Wednesday, July 26, 2006 9:14 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	How can you endorse Jim King?

I just read that you have decided to endorse Jim King.  I am very saddened by this news.  I used to look up to you and an a strong Republican.  
 
I beg you to reconsider your choice.  
 
A Christian in New Jersey,
 
Betty Bailey
From:	Donna Hohman <dhohman@nlcf.org>
Sent:	Wednesday, July 26, 2006 9:11 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Cc:	comments@whitehouse.gov.; John Hohman; mike@kingdomkeys.com; Sam Hohman; Donna Hohman
Subject:	Jim King

Dear Governor Bush,

It is with disappointment that I received news that you are endorsing Jim King for reelection. My family can not come into agreement with this decision based on Sen. King’s past record and current record involving major issues such as illegal immigrants and right to life instead of a culture of death. He does not represent the values that my family esteems and we can not support your action.  We are ardent supporters of you and the President. This is why we are gravely concerned about your decision. Please reconsider and as one who comes from a family who values the culture of life- the Bush family, we ask that you stick to your values.

Respectfully,,
Donna Hohman
Pastor Donna Hohman
Assimilation Coordinator

New Life Christian Fellowship

2701 Hodges Boulevard

Jacksonville, Fl. 32224

Phone (904) 223-6000

Fax (904) 223-8400

dhohman@nlcf.org












From:	Brooke Shimp <b_asheley@hotmail.com>
Sent:	Wednesday, July 26, 2006 9:04 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	endorsement of Jim King

Governor Bush,

 

Good morning.  I am writing to ask you not to endorse Jim King.  Not only do I disapprove of his policies, but it seems to me that you disapprove of them as well.  In the past, Jim King has opposed your policies on budget, medical malpractice reform, tort reform, the right to life, homosexual adoption of children, the death of Terri Schiavo, and many other issues. In fact, the Orlando Sentinel stated that Jim King has emerged as one of your strongest opponents.  

 

It is my understanding that you are of the Catholic faith.  According to the teaching of the Catholic Church, you are morally obligated to oppose any candidate or elected official who supports the destruction of innocent human life by abortion or euthanasia. Jim King has been an unashamed advocate of the “culture of death,” as Randall Terry puts it.  I do not understand why you are endorsing this man.  I am not asking you to support Randall Terry, but I am asking you not to support Jim King or any of his policies.

 

Thank you for all your hard work and leadership in your role of governor.  I voted for you in the last election, and am glad that I did so.  You have been a godly leader and a strong role model.  Thank you and have a blessed day.

 

Sincerely,

Brooke A. Shimp

Resident of Jacksonville, Florida


  _____  

Get the new Windows Live Messenger! 
From:	cecbpafs@juno.com
Sent:	Wednesday, July 26, 2006 8:17 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Endorsement of Jim King

Governor:

It is my understanding that you are going to endorse Jim King's candidacy
for the Florida Senate.  I urge you to remain neutral in this campaign. 
Especially in light of King's positions on many of the issues that differ
from yours and conservative Floridians.

Sincerely,
+Douglas S. Woodall
Archbishop
___________________________________________________________
The Most Rev. Douglas S. Woodall, Ph.D.
Archdiocese of the Armed Forces CEC
124 King's Quarry Lane
St. Augustine, FL 32080
From:	Will Knox <will180@gmail.com>
Sent:	Wednesday, July 26, 2006 8:49 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Misguided endorsement

Dear Gov. Bush,
I am writing to express my disappointment with the prospect of your
endoresement of Jim King.
Please reconsider.
Will Knox
Jacksonville, Fl
From:	Pirrung <dpirrung8@bellsouth.net>
Sent:	Wednesday, July 26, 2006 8:48 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	do not endorse King

Dear Governor Bush
 
Please do not endorse King, he is not in line with your values or the values of the people of St. Augustine. 
Thank you for all you do everyday.
God bless you,
Denise Pirrung
 

From:	Bruce A Overstreet <baoverstreet@juno.com>
Sent:	Wednesday, July 26, 2006 8:39 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Re: What?! Governor Bush endorsing Jim King?! The man who fought to starve Terri Schiavo?!

Dear Mr. Bush,

What is the point of saying we are conservative if when the real battle
comes we concede?  Nothing is accomplished by winning elections if after
winning we do not use the power and opportunity to make a difference.

If what we have been told his true, Who got to you?  Are you being paid
off by someone?  Are you not a man of your word?
Surely this information is a mistake.  Surely you would not endorse this
individual if he is truly you opponent in all these areas.

BAO

On Wed, 26 Jul 2006 01:44:59 -0400 (EDT) The Randall Terry Team
<terry4senate@aol.com> writes:
> Greetings!
> 
> Forward email
>
http://ui.constantcontact.com/sa/fwtf.jsp?m=1101357405561&ea=baoverstreet
%40juno.com&a=1101361216448
> 
> 
> 
> 
> 
> This email was sent to baoverstreet@juno.com,
> by terry4senate@aol.com
> 
> Update Profile/Email Address
>
http://ui.constantcontact.com/d.jsp?p=oo&m=1101357405561&ea=baoverstreet%
40juno.com&se=674&t=1101361216448&lang=en&reason=F
> 
> Instant removal with SafeUnsubscribe(TM)
>
http://ui.constantcontact.com/d.jsp?p=un&m=1101357405561&ea=baoverstreet%
40juno.com&se=674&t=1101361216448&lang=en&reason=F
> 
> Privacy Policy:
> http://ui.constantcontact.com/roving/CCPrivacyPolicy.jsp
> 
> 
> 
> 
> Powered by
> Constant Contact(R)
> www.constantcontact.com
> 
> 
> 
> 
> Randall Terry for Florida State Senate | PO Box 3886 | St. Augustine 
> | FL | 32085
> 
> 
> 
> 
> 
> 
> 
> 

From:	Wilmoth7@aol.com
Sent:	Wednesday, July 26, 2006 8:37 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Jim King???

We strongly urge you not to put your support behind State Senator Jim King.   He is no conservative Republican.   He had a large part to play in the death of Terri Schiavo.   He seems to support Democrat liberal causes and should not be encouraged or supported in any way.  We will support Randall Terry all the way, who is a true godly conservative.   
 
Jonathan and Mary Wilmoth
Milton, Florida
From:	gwknox@bellsouth.net
Sent:	Wednesday, July 26, 2006 8:36 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	why are you endorsing King

Importance:	High

Dear Governor Bush:

    As a physician, I am shocked and dismayed that you are intending to endorse Jim King in his re-election bid.  Over the years, you have been a steadfast advocate for medical liability reform.  Until today, you were the most "physician-friendly" Governor we have ever had.
    Jim King's political views are indistinguishable from liberal democrats.  For example:
1.  He is pro-abortion
2.  He is pro-legalized gambling
3.  He is anti-medical liability reform
4.  He supports continued mediocrity in the public schools.
5.  He supports eminent domain abuse.

     I am urging you to please reconsider your decision, for the sake of our State and our Party.


Glenn W. Knox MD, FACS
Courtesy Clinical Associate Professor, University of Florida
Vice-President, Duval County Medical Society
Duval County Republican Executive Committee Representative 

From:	james a. coleson <jcoleson.neie@verizon.net>
Sent:	Wednesday, July 26, 2006 8:34 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Please don't endorse Jim King
Attachments:	spacer.gif; "AVG certification"

	
	 
Dear Friends, 

As crazy as it sounds, Governor Bush is scheduled to endorse State Senator Jim King in the Republican primary at 2:15 on Wednesday, July 26. Jim King led the charge to starve Terri Schiavo to death. Jim King is running against Randall Terry, a well-known pro-life champion, a man who fought for Terri Schiavo, and a proven Ronald Reagan conservative. http://www.randallterry.com 

We are asking you to call the governor, and voice your disapproval of this horrifying action. 

As you can imagine, this has all of us in the state of shock. Governor Bush has called Jim King a "baby." He has vetoed legislation that was obviously designed to profit Jim King personally. He has butted heads with Jim King repeatedly. 

Conversely, Jim King has opposed Governor Bush's policies on the budget, on medical malpractice reform, on tort reform, on the right to life, on homosexual adoption of children, the death of Terri Schiavo, and a host of other issues. In fact, the Orlando Sentinel stated that Jim King emerged as one of Governor Bush's strongest opponents. 

Did you see that? Jim King has been one of Governor Bush's strongest opponents! 

We must also point out that Jeb Bush is Catholic; that means that according to the teaching of the Catholic Church, he is morally obligated to oppose any candidate or elected official who supports the destruction of innocent human life by abortion or euthanasia. Jim King has been an unashamed advocate of the culture of death. 

Why is Jeb Bush doing this? Who knows. 

But this we know: he must hear from us that such a decision is absolutely unacceptable to those of us who defend the culture of life, and have supported him and his political career. 

The governor's office opens at 8 a.m. He is scheduled to endorse Jim King at 2:15 p.m. at the Republican headquarters in Tallahassee. 

We are asking you to begin calling Governor Bush's office at 8 a.m. to urge him to not endorse Senator Jim King. Call your friends or e-mail them and asked them to do the same. 

In case you did not know -- the Republican Party principle has always been that elected officials (such as Governor Bush) should stay out of primary races. 

Governor Bush is ignoring this long cherished principle of the Republican Party -- and worse -- he is ignoring every principle and core value that he has promoted during his tenure as governor. By supporting a man who flagrantly disregards the life of the innocent, and the time-honored definition of family, he is making a mockery of his eight years of rhetoric. 

Governor Bush needs to know that such an action is unacceptable to us -- the base of the Republican Party. He also needs to know that his actions are being witnessed and deplored by people from around the country who have stood with him in the fight to save Terri from starvation. 

The thought of Governor Bush endorsing the Senator who led the fight to starve an innocent woman to death - a senator who supports Roe vs Wade - a Senator who wants homosexual "couples" to be able to adopt children - the very thought is heartbreaking. It again shows why so many people of principle get disillusioned and disgusted by "politics as usual." His phone needs to ring off the hook. Governor Bush's office opens at 8:00 AM. We are asking you to phone him and urge him to not carry through with his plan to endorse Jim King. If you get this after the endorsement has already occurred, call Governor Bush and urge him to rescind his endorsement. Jim King's corruption goes far deeper than his support of euthanasia and abortion on demand. 

Governor Bush's phone number is 850-488-7146; his fax number is 850-487-0801. 

If you have the ability to contact the governor directly, we urge you do so. Also, Jeb@myflorida.com is his email address. 

Please call him immediately, and forward this to your friends. Urge them to call him as well. 

If you received this e-mail from a friend, please go to http://www.randallterry.com to see for yourself just how much Jim King is a supporter of what John Paul II and President Bush call the “culture of death.” 

We believe the governor Bush is a good man; but we also believe that this decision showed incredibly bad judgment. No matter what Governor Bush does or says -- we will continue on this path until victory is achieved for Randall Terry on September 5 in the Republican primary. 

We trust you will be a part of that victory! 

Please go to http://www.randallterry.com to find out how you can volunteer for Randall's election, or how you can contribute on line. 

God bless you. 

The Randall Terry Team. 

From:	Jim Talley <jimtalley@skyerock.net>
Sent:	Wednesday, July 26, 2006 8:28 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Who are you endorsing?

Dear Governor Bush,
 
I am a Republican county chairman in Kansas and hope to vote for you someday as President.  I appreciate all you've done in Florida to bring conservatism and common sense back to the state.  I also appreciate you brother and all he has done for the country.  I pray for him everyday.  
 
But if the email report I received today is correct you are endorsing Jim King, a liberal in any play book.  What gives?  Why can't you support Randall Terry who is the conservative in this race?  
 
Sincerely, 
 
Jim Talley
Cowley County Republican Chair
From:	Mark <37henry@alltel.net>
Sent:	Wednesday, July 26, 2006 8:28 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Endorsement of State Senate encumbent Jim King district 8

Dear Governor:
 
It saddens me to hear that you are to endorse Jim King district 8 state senate encumbent at 2:00 p.m. today.  How could you endorse a senator who has blocked you on so many issues?  How could you as a Catholic endorse the culture of death over Randall Terry our pro-life crusader?
 
Please withdraw your support of Jim King and then hold a press conference to give your full backing to district 8 senate candidate Randall Terry.
 
Mark McKay

  _____  

Upgrade Your Email - Click here! 

From:	Joseph Beard <beardjmt@yahoo.com>
Sent:	Wednesday, July 26, 2006 8:27 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	[*] poor endorsement

Dear Govenor Jeb Bush;
 
Please do not endorse Jim King for the state senate.  It would be devasting to the pro-life , pro-family groups for you to endorse this candidate.  Please take the   stand you have always done and don"t endorse any pro-abort or pro-homosexual candidates.
 
Thank-you 
 
Joe Beard
935 Metropolitan Ave
Hyde Park, Ma 02136 

  _____  

Yahoo! Music Unlimited - Access over 1 million songs. Try it free. 
From:	John Roush <jroush@cros.net>
Sent:	Wednesday, July 26, 2006 8:27 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Please Reconsider your Endorsement

Dear Governor Bush, 
 
Your decision to endorse Jim King instead of Randall Terry is absolutely unacceptable to those of us who defend the culture of life, and have supported you and you political career.  
 
You seem to be ignoring every principles and core values that you have promoted during your tenure as governor. By supporting a man like King who flagrantly disregards the life of the innocent, and the time-honored definition of family, you are making a mockery of your eight years of rhetoric and service.
 
The thought of your endorsing the Senator who led the fight to starve an innocent woman to death - a senator who supports Roe vs Wade - a Senator who wants homosexual "couples" to be able to adopt children - the very thought is heartbreaking.
 
Also I thought it was an accepted Republican Party principle that elected officials such as yourself should stay out of primary races. 
 
I pray you will reconsider and not take sides in this primary.
 
Sincerely,
 
John G. Roush, Ed.D.
Lifelong Republican.
 
 
From:	Miriam Cotter <mtcotter@hotmail.com>
Sent:	Wednesday, July 26, 2006 8:25 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	[*] Governor  Bush: please endorse the RIGHT man - Randall Terry!

Dear Governor Bush,
 
Please do not put your support behind Jim King! We haven't forgotten Terri Schiavo and his role in her killing! You cannot, in good faith, give your endorsement to such a man.
 
Please - consider giving your endorsement to Randall Terry. As a fellow conservative and Catholic, you know in your heart that Mr. Terry stands for the things that you and I believe and value - most especially the sacredness of ALL life! Follow your heart, Mr. Bush - don't let the political "winds" cause you to make a decision you will surely regret.....
 
Respectfully and Sincerely,
 
Miriam T. Cotter
Englishtown, NJ





From:	sc7233 <sc7233@aol.com>
Sent:	Wednesday, July 26, 2006 8:09 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	DO NOT

Dear Governor Jeb Bush,
 
Can it be true ? Are you really going to endorse a candidate who supports everything our base is against ? What could be motivating you ? PLEASE DO NOT ENDORSE Jim King ! This is totally unacceptable. This will come to haunt you in future elections and your career. Are you willing to go out as the Governor who couldn't ? 
 
Mr. and Mrs. Patrick Scott
Tampa, Florida
			

From:	Kathy Gandolfo <KGandolfo@houston.rr.com>
Sent:	Wednesday, July 26, 2006 8:21 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	please do not endorse Jim King

Dear Governor Bush,
I am shocked that you as a catholic would consider supporting a candidate
who believes in the culture of death.
Please reconsider your support of Jim King.
Randall Terry is the better candidate.  I'm praying that you'll do the right
thing before God and your constituents.

Sincerely,

Kathy Gandolfo
Houston, TX

From:	Eric & Wendy Vanderhorst <ewvandy@yahoo.com>
Sent:	Wednesday, July 26, 2006 8:16 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Support Randall Terry, not Jim King

Governor Bush,
 
Please do the right thing and do NOT support Jim King in his political endeavors.
 
Thank you,
 
Eric Vanderhorst
Republican

  _____  

Do you Yahoo!?
Next-gen email? Have it all with the all-new Yahoo! Mail Beta.
From:	Alex Allaire <alexjallaire@yahoo.com>
Sent:	Wednesday, July 26, 2006 8:11 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	[*] Jim King

Hello Jeb, 
 
Please don't endorse Jim King as his views are in opposition to the good of mankind.  Thank you for all you do for our good.
 
Regards,
 
Alex Allaire

  _____  

See the all-new, redesigned Yahoo.com. Check it out. 
From:	conr9319@bellsouth.net
Sent:	Wednesday, July 26, 2006 8:08 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	[*] no endorsement for King

 

Good morning,

 

    Please do not endorse State Senator King.  Senator King may be a good republican but he does not truly represent the wishes of the people in northeast Florida.

 

 

Paula Conroy

                                                                                Jacksonville Beach

From:	Mary Ann Atwood <Malta6@comcast.net>
Sent:	Wednesday, July 26, 2006 8:00 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Jim King

Dear Governor Bush,

I hope it is only rumor that you plan to endorse Jim King.  His  
passed history shows he has no respect for life in any form.  Giving  
him any positive attention could injure your own well earned  
reputation.  The old saying "Birds of a feather flock together" would  
attach meaning to endorsing him.

Thank you kindly for this bit of time.  By the way, I voted for your  
brother and am happy now that I did.

Sincerely,

Mary Ann Atwood
From:	Terry Fox <afox2@bellsouth.net>
Sent:	Wednesday, July 26, 2006 7:58 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	[*] Endorsement of King

Dear Governor Bush,
I just received information that you may be considering endorsing King in the Republican primary.
Please, do not endorse King.
Governor Bush, I have been a Republican since first voting in 1968. I was a Reagan delegate to the National Convention in 1980. I have met your father, and supported both your father and your brother. I admire the job that you have done in Florida. Randall Terry's race against King is very important to me and I am a contributor to Randall's campaign.
Respectfully, you should not endorse King for 2 reasons:
1. As the de facto leader of the Republican Party in Florida you should stay neutral in primary contests.
2. King is one of the worst examples of a so-called "Republican" that I have ever seen. Under the "big tent" theory, I have no problem tolerating him, and even supporting him if he should win a Republican primary, but no good Republican should endorse him in a Republican primary.
Governor, King is not one of your supporters. Why reward your opponent?
Respectfully,
Terry E. Fox
309 Hemingway Road
Louisville, KY 40207
From:	charles blake <oldgreymare2@yahoo.com>
Sent:	Wednesday, July 26, 2006 7:48 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Jim King

Dear Governor Bush, Please re-think your endorsing of
Jim King. He stands for everything the church teaches
is wrong. Under pain of grave sin you must
disaccociate yourself from this evil man or his sins
become yours. God Bless you and yours. Sincerely
yours, a fellow Catholic. Mr. and Mrs. Charles Blake
From:	Ginny Gates <gatescps@gmail.com>
Sent:	Wednesday, July 26, 2006 7:48 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Support of Jim King

Governor Bush,

It was VERY DISAPPOINTING to learn that you are going to support Jim King, a man who has opposed you throughout your term on many issues.  He seems to stand for exactly the opposite of what you do.  He is an advocate of abortion, led the fight to starve Terri Schiavo to death, and supports the homosexual adoption of children.  How can you support such a man.  If you don't feel you can support his opponent for some reason -- then just stay out of it altogether.  Don't compromise your values by supporting someone like Jim King. 

Your actions are being watched by the whole nation by people who rallied behind you in the fight to save Terri Schiavo's life.  

Thank you,


Fred & Ginny Gates
Monroeville, PA  15146

From:	Russell Amerling <russ@choose-life.org>
Sent:	Wednesday, July 26, 2006 7:41 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Is it true?

Dear Governor Bush,

 

Is it true that you are about to endorse Jim King? As two of your strong supporters of over the years, this shakes us to our core. We usually take most media (especially what I get on the Internet) with a “grain of salt”; so please tell me this is NOT true. 

 

Jim King is not our friend and he would not be good for Florida. We understand there is probably a lot of politics behind this (if it is true), but we believe you will rise above that and do what is right. If you can’t see your way clear to endorse Randall Terry (which we believe you should, based on your beliefs and his record) then at least don’t endorse anyone and just let the voters decide.

 

We have pasted the email alert we received about this below so you can see what is being said. Please tell us you are not going to do this!

 

"Dear Pro-life Leader,

 

We are on the verge of witnessing a betrayal of the pro-life movement of the highest magnitude. I'm writing you with urgency - urgency that requires action this morning[Wednesday morning July 26th].  

 

I'm asking you to unleash every conceivable phone call you can muster from your supporters, and any press release you wish to send to keep this from happening.  

 

Here it is: Florida Governor Jeb Bush is allegedly scheduled to endorse State Senator Jim King at 2:00 PM today (Wed. July 26th).  

 

Does the name Jim King ring a bell?  Jim King is the pro-abortion, pro-"homosexual rights", Republican Florida State Senator who led the efforts to starve Terri Schiavo to death.  Sen. King authored the Florida euthanasia laws; Jim King callously said "I want her [Terri Schiavo] to die".  To make matters worse, Jim King is running against Randall Terry, a pro-life leader who fought valiantly to rescue Terri Schiavo from death.  

 

Let me tell you something: I live in this district.  I see people every day who know Jim King and Randall Terry, and Randall Terry is poised to beat Jim King in a Republican primary.  I have seen the polling data with my own eyes.  Jim King has managed to alienate just about every portion of the Republican Party, especially the pro-life, pro-family, fiscal conservatives who vote in primaries 

 

It is possible that we can help Governor Bush come to his senses. He needs to know that his pro-life base – around the country – is watching what he does. If enough of us call, he might reconsider this horrible decision.

 

Please get the phones ringing. Let’s let Governor Bush know that we have not forgotten Terri Schiavo, and that we would consider his endorsement of the pro-abortion candidate who starved her to death a grave mistake at best; treachery against his core values at worst.

 

Please call Gov. Bush and urge him in the strongest possible terms to not endorse Jim King.

 

His office opens at 8:00 AM.

 

Phone: 850-488-7146;  Fax: 850-487-0801

 

Jeb@myflorida.com is his email address.

 

If you want to send out a press release on this topic, let me know. One group already has see: National Pro-Life Leader Criticizes Bush-King Endorsement

 

Please help.  It is not too late for Jeb Bush to change his mind and not endorse Jim King.  We do not need another “pro-life” Republican leader to betray the babies.

 

Gary

Gary McCullough, Director 
Christian Communication Network
2020 Pennsylvania Avenue NW 
Washington DC 20006 
www.ChristianNewswire.org

202.546.0054"

Respectfully,

 

Russ & Jill Amerling

2360 SE 51st Avenue

Ocala, FL 34471-5785

Email: russ@choose-life.org

Home phone: 352 624-2978

Fax: 866 850-8572

Cell phone: 352 624-2854

 

From:	Pat Kennedy <kennedyp2000@yahoo.com>
Sent:	Wednesday, July 26, 2006 7:34 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Catholic for Pro-Life candidates

Governor Bush,
It has been no secret that Randall Terry is a Pro-Life
candidate.  The leaders of the Catholic Church, Pope,
Cardinals and Bishops have told all of us in many
venues that given the choice all pro-life candidates
are the moral choice and the first thing that must be
considered in voting or supporting.

Jim King has been a poor Republican representative in
general, but on moral issues he is blatantly wrong.  I
realize that this is probably 'politics as usual' and
your support is reward for some support that he gave
you when you needed him, but this isn't about
paybacks, it's about right and wrong.  As a fellow
Catholic, I am asking you to reconsider your support
for King, if you can't support Terry, then don't
publicly support anyone, if you're Catholic then you
must be pro-life, it's just that simple.

Sincerely,
Patricia and Michael Kennedy

Yours for "LIFE"
Pat

__________________________________________________
Do You Yahoo!?
Tired of spam?  Yahoo! Mail has the best spam protection around 
http://mail.yahoo.com 
From:	Lorraine Allaire <lorraineallaire@comcast.net>
Sent:	Wednesday, July 26, 2006 7:09 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	[*] Jim King

Dear Governor Bush,
Please, please, please do not endorse Jim King. He has done nothing but harm to the prolife movement. Very few people in Jacksonville like him or his politics....Please don't end your governorship by supporting someone who does not agree with your beliefs.
Sincerely,
Lorraine Allaire
4226 Stourhead Lane
Jacksonville, FL 32225
From:	Diane Royal <droyal@cxp.com>
Sent:	Wednesday, July 26, 2006 7:21 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Senate race endorsement

Dear Governor Bush,

I beg you not to endorse State Senator Jim King - the man who worked  
to derail your efforts to save Terri Shiavo and who is anything but  
"pro-life!"  I hope you put your pro-life convictions above politics,  
as your brother did recently when he vetoed the stem-cell bill, and  
refuse Senator King your endorsement.

Thanks in advance for all you do and have done to further the culture  
of life.  If you continue to be totally pro-life, I hope to see you  
in the White House some day!

Sincerely,

Diane P Royal
3009 Jolly Rd.
Jacksonville, FL  32207
From:	Shirley Stone <shirlstone@atlanticbb.com>
Sent:	Wednesday, July 26, 2006 7:16 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	PLEASE DON'T ENDORSE JIM KING!!!

  

Dear Gov. Bush – I have voted for you and believe you are a good Governor, but I am appalled that you would endorse the Senator who led the fight to starve an innocent woman to death - a senator who supports Roe vs Wade - a Senator who wants homosexual "couples" to be able to adopt children.  HAVE YOU FORGOTTEN YOUR MORAL HERITAGE?

 

PLEASE DO NOT TARNISH YOUR GOOD REPUTATION BY ENDORSING JIM KING!!!  If you endorse him, then you are viewed to be just like him.

 

Most Sincerely,

Shirley Stone 



 

From:	Paul Young <smoki@tds.net>
Sent:	Wednesday, July 26, 2006 7:12 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Endorsement of Jim King?

It has come to my attention that you intend to endorse this morally corrupt idiot, State Senator Jim King, in the Republican primary. What in the world are you thinking? Have you lost your senses? Forget that it is apparently customary in Florida for governors to stay out of primary races but how in the world can you support the likes of Jim King of all people who fought to have Terri Schiavo, a totally innocent severely handicapped woman, killed? Has Jim King not opposed just about everything descent you have supported? Is he not a champion of the culture of death not to mention his advocacy of homosexual adoption? More could be said in this regard but it amounts to the same thing. Jim King is a morally bankrupt cretin who should not be serving in any elected office, period.

Randall Terry is opposing Jim King in the primary and is by all accounts a descent honest Reagan conservative. This should be a no-brainer, even for you. If you go through with this endorsement of Jim King that I’m told is to occur today at 2:15pm then I will regard you as equally morally corrupt to Jim King. For heaven’s sake don’t do it. Don’t pass up this opportunity to keep your mouth shut!

PY, Pensacola

From:	HOWARD MOCKLER <hokay2@verizon.net>
Sent:	Wednesday, July 26, 2006 7:01 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	King Endorsement

Govenor Bush,
 
                     Please reconsider and do not endorse Mr. King.  I am pro-life and am greatly concerned about this.  Don't let Florida become another Massachusetts.
 
Howard D. Mockler
54E Thayer Rd. Apt. 3
Belmont, MA 02478
hokay2@verizon.net
From:	vroegindeweyl@bellsouth.net
Sent:	Wednesday, July 26, 2006 6:45 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	[*] Jim King Endorsement!????? NO WAY....

Dear Gov. Bush,
    I have heard that you are endorsing Jim King for yet another term in the District 8 State Senate race.
Though I am not in that district, it greatly concerns me that you would buck the time honored tradition of Republican elected officials staying out of primaries with endorsements. 
    Jim King has put in more Democrats as heads of senate committees  than Republicans. PLEASE 
RECONSIDER ANY PLAN TO ENDORSE THIS GUY!!!! He also has voted to GIVE FREE COLLEGE TUITION to illegal immigrants' children. As a mom of Florida college student, I am appalled that a state official is giving away my tax dollars to people who have not sown into the Florida state coffers with tax dollars. 
    Your endorsement of Jim King aligns you with someone who brings out an expression of disgust among most in the NE Florida area. Back off from this primary and avoid that "guilty by association" 
stigma. "Jim and JEB" is not a good idea!!!
Jan Vroegindewey
1619 Parkwood Street
Jacksonville, FL 32207


From:	MPBrabsonCPA@cs.com
Sent:	Wednesday, July 26, 2006 6:44 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	DO NOT ENDORSE JIM KING

Gov. Bush,

I am writing to you because I have heard through the political grapevine that you are planning to endorse Jim King for re-election to the Florida Senate.

If this is true, I am baffled as to how you can even consider giving public support to a man who has opposed your policies on so many issues that are important to true Republicans.  If it weren't for Jim King, Terri Schiavo might be alive today.

Forget the fact that you were elected as a conservative Republican.  Forget the fact that Jim King has been one of your strongest opponents the entire time you have been in office.  Forget all of that......but remember that you are a Roman Catholic and as such you are morally obligated to oppose any candidate or elected official who supports the destruction of innocent human life by abortion or euthanasia.  Jim King is an advocate of what your brother, President Bush, and the Pope have called the culture of death.

I beg of you, as a regestered voter, conservative Republican, and fellow Christian, PLEASE do not endorse Jim King.

Respectfully,
Michelle P. Brabson
PO Box 8645
Jacksonville, Florida 32239

From:	Therese144@aol.com
Sent:	Wednesday, July 26, 2006 6:23 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	PLEASE DOn'T ENDORSE JIM KING

DEAR GOVERNOR BUSH:
 
PLEASE DON'T ENDORSE JIM KING.
 
EMERITA T. GUESON
 
From:	David Paiga <paigad@bellsouth.net>
Sent:	Wednesday, July 26, 2006 6:16 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Endorsement of Jim King

Please reconsider your endorsement of Jim King.  If indeed that is your plan.  It makes no sense that you would do this.  I hope what I am hearing is a false rumor.

Joan Paiga
Pembroke Pines, Florida
paigad@bellsouth.net

From:	Sheri <s.katinka@comcast.net>
Sent:	Wednesday, July 26, 2006 4:02 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Please do not endorse Jim King

Dear Governor Bush,

Please do not endorse Jim King for the Republican primary. 

During the tragic last days of Terri Schiavo’s life I greatly respected the efforts you made to save her life.

It is my understanding that Mr. King was in the forefront of making sure she died. Furthermore, he is a supporter of abortion, homosexual marriage and adoption of children, and many other important issues of which I disagree. 

Please reconsider. Thank-you!

Sheri Elmont

Portland, OR 

 

Buckets-O-Fun, Inc.

503-760-8880 

 

From:	John Jakubczyk <jakeslaw@ionet.net>
Sent:	Wednesday, July 26, 2006 3:57 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Cc:	Janet  Folger
Subject:	king endorsement

Governor Bush,
 
My name is John Jakubczyk. I am the past president of Arizona Right to Life. During the Terri Schiavo tragedy, I gave legal advice to Janet Folger and others and sent your legal advisors my opinions, all of which were ignored.
So I am very much aware of the history and the people involved in the situation. 
 
I have always given you the benefit of prayer and being a brother in the Lord, even defended your actions as that of conscience and consideration of the rule of law. (although I strongly disagreed with the legal advice you were given) .
 
So it is that I am most distressed to hear that you are considering the possibility of endorsing Jim King. 
 
Such an act would be wrong in so many ways.
 
I will not go into detail except to say that all of us are called to be witnesses to the truth. We should never sell out principles for the expediency of the political. But then you know that.
 
Please pray on this matter. Speak to Fr. Frank Pavone and ask him to give it to you straight. 
 
Remember the example of St. Thomas More.
 
Thank you for considering these words. 
 
John Jakubczyk
From:	Betty Hedger <bettyrussia@hotmail.com>
Sent:	Wednesday, July 26, 2006 2:56 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Jim King endorsement

Governor Bush,

I am writing to ask you to reconsider your intention to endorse Jim King.  
He opposes all you profess to uphold and support.  He opposes what most of 
the Republican base upholds.

Please we have been disappointed enough by many of the people we have 
elected to do what is right for our families and our country.  Don't lend 
your support to someone who would destroy the things we hold dear.  
Traditional families, safe adoption for children, and the right to life are 
a few of the issues that Jim King has been diametrically opposed to you in 
the past.  Why on earth would you consider lending him your support?

Many of the Republican base are losing heart and this would just be another 
instance where we would be left wondering what is happening to the people we 
elected and supported to protect us and our families.

I'm sure you have some reason for this act but for the life of me I can't 
figure what it might be.  If you could be so kind as to tell me I would 
appreciate that.  I ask you again to reconsider and do not support Jim King.

Respectfully,


Betty Hedger


From:	RT <dbeirk2002@yahoo.com>
Sent:	Wednesday, July 26, 2006 2:21 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Wednesday 1 a.m.

Dear Mr. Bush,
I just read that you are going to endorse State Senator Jim King in the Republican primary today at 2:15. I can't believe a man of your background and beliefs would endorse a man who supports Roe vs Wade, his support of euthanasia and abortion on demand ..  Jim King should not be endorsed instead Randall Terry who has the values that Christians stand for.  Mr. Bush, you have shown in the past what you think of this individual .. WHY would you endorse Jim King?  This man is entirely unexceptable to the base of the Republican party and many Democrates also. 
You have the right to stay out of primary races - so unless you are going to endorse Randall Terry, I deplore you to stay out of this as is the custom of the Republican party.
Sincerely
RmThomason
Indiana


 
From:	LDavis523@aol.com
Sent:	Wednesday, July 26, 2006 2:19 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Endorsement of Senator Jim King

Dear Governor Bush:
 
Please do not endorse Senator Jim King in the Republican Primary! This is absolutely unacceptable to those of us who defend the culture of life. Mr. King supports the destruction of human life by abortion or euthanasia.
 
You fought to save Terri Schiavo. Jim King did not! He has been one of your strongest opponents on many issues.
 
Please reconsider. Please change your mind.
 
I would appreciate receiving a response from you.
 
Thank you very much.
 
Sincerely,
 
Mrs. Linda Davis
Vancouver, Washington
From:	Rev. Donald Spitz <Glory2Jesus@ArmyofGod.com>
Sent:	Wednesday, July 26, 2006 1:16 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Jim King

I have heard you plan on endorsing the pro-abortion Jim King. Please don't do this. Unborn babies deserve to live and not be murdered.
Thank you.
 
SAY THIS PRAYER: Dear Jesus, I am a sinner and am headed to eternal hell because of my sins. I believe you died on the cross to take away my sins and to take me to heaven. Jesus, I ask you now to come into my heart and take away my sins and give me eternal life. http://www.armyofgod.com
From:	Lori Viars <life1@go-concepts.com>
Sent:	Wednesday, July 26, 2006 12:29 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Dear Gov Bush, from a Republican Party Board Member in Ohio

Dear Gov. Bush:
 
Please do not endorse pro-abortion liberal Jim King.  If you can't endorse Randall Terry, please at least stay neutral in this race.  Endorsing a man who wanted Terri Schiavo dead is not the legacy you want to leave.  Not only would it hurt the pro-life movement, but it would also hurt your future chances of a higher office.  And it wouldn't help Republican poll numbers among our base. 
 
Sincerely,
 
Lori Viars
Board Member
Warren County Republican Party
home:
(513) 932-3554
20 Edmon Court
Lebanon, Ohio 45036
 
P.S.  I was the Bush / Cheney Conservative Coalition Chairman for Warren County....we are one of two counties Karl Rove credited with delivering Ohio to George W in 2004 .....please do not let us down on this Jim King issue.  Thank you. 
 
 
From:	WP Cotter <wpcotter@orboston.org>
Sent:	Wednesday, July 26, 2006 12:07 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	No King endorsement

Governor Bush:
 
Please, PLEASE do NOT endorse the pro-abortion Jim King.
 
Defend the civil rights of the unborn!!
 
William Cotter
10 Hilltop Dr.
Millbury, MA 01527
From:	Apearrow@aol.com
Sent:	Wednesday, July 26, 2006 12:06 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Important endorsement

Dear Governor Bush,
I have thrown my support whole-heartedly behind Randall Terry and I hope that you will do the same.  Randall is Republican all the way.  He is a man of deep conviction and courage, faith and strength.  And as a fellow Catholic, he is not afraid to call himself pro-life.  He is just what Florida needs.  
Senator King on the other hand might as well be Democrat.  He has Terry Schiavo's blood on his hands and conservatives of our state have not forgotten his role in her death.  
Even more important than Randall Terry's election to the FL senate is the removal of that gluttonous, greedy, liberal snake named King who is running for reelection once again. 
I should hope that you have the sense and decency not to endorse a man who has allowed himself to become so brazenly corrupt and who does not at all represent the Republican party.
I would hate to be associated with King come election time.
And please remember, as a Catholic man, you have a duty to support only those candidates that are pro-life. Senator King is pro-death, pro-homosexual, pro-euthanasia.  Randall Terry is a Reagan Republican and is pro-life.  There is only one morally and politically correct choice.  And that is Randall Terry.
Sincerely yours,
Ann Pearrow
St. Augustine, FL
From:	Roger McCaffrey <rmccaffrey@prodigy.net>
Sent:	Tuesday, July 25, 2006 11:55 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	[*] King

Dear Gov. Bush,
 
Please do not endorse Mr. King.
 
Sincerely,
 
Roger A. McCaffrey
Priscilla McCaffrey
Victoria McCaffrey
Naples, FL 34119
From:	Muriel M McConnon <mmmcconnon@juno.com>
Sent:	Tuesday, July 25, 2006 11:52 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	King Endorsement

Dear Gov. Bush,
PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE reconsider your decision to endorse Jim King.
He is the pro-abortion, pro-"homosexual rights", Republican Florida State
Senator who led the efforts to starve Terri Schiavo to death.  Sen. King
authored the Florida euthanasia laws; Jim King callously said "I want her
[Terri Schiavo] to die". 
Sincerely,
Muriel McConnon
From:	PilotUSMC@aol.com
Sent:	Tuesday, July 25, 2006 11:48 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Jim King

He is a RINO....don't endorse him...way too liberal
 
Bill Webb
Pace, FL 
 
 
From:	countrygator@cox.net
Sent:	Monday, July 24, 2006 2:13 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	A Republican Concerned for Future Plans of a well respected Republican Governor

Dear Governor Bush:

So many of us wonder what you will do with your time when finished with 
your current term.  It has been with great pleasure to have voted for 
you to serve in office the last two terms.  I can not say any other 
governor has had so much to deal with on his plate as you have sir.  The 
hurricanes, getting our educational system back on tract, the economy of 
the state, etc.  I just want to say thanks for your leadership, but 
would like to know if the presidency is an option sometime in the 
future?  I know you have been quoted as saying you are not going to run 
for that office, but could not see why not.  You have so many who 
support you.  The nice think about you is you have a soul and your 
morals are what this country still needs in its leadership and 
guidance's.  Your brother, George, has done well for leading and 
defending our freedoms.  I have not agreed on every single choice he has 
made, but if he were able to run again, I would still vote for him.  Is 
it not your turn to make history and lead us beyond 2008?  I would hope 
you would consider what I am saying.  I think you have what it takes to 
make decisions in Washington and I sure would hope you would run against 
any efforts Senator Hillary Clinton attempts in 2008 or 2012.  This 
country does not need history to repeat itself with another Clinton in 
office ever again.   I do not think we could handle a second four years 
of embarrassment to other nations as we have from all the political 
cover ups  and lies of  the past Clinton Administration.

Always remember you will have my support.  I have assisted in the 
Republican party elections for the last two elections actively.  I will 
continue to do so.

Sincerely yours,

Gary L Mathis, MLT ASCP, State of Florida Licensed.
From:	Elizabeth Hall <elizabethrose10@hotmail.com>
Sent:	Friday, July 21, 2006 3:07 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Please run for President

I am a 59 yo semi retired Naval Reserve Officer living currently in Mesa, AZ
(formerly San Diego) and would appreciate your running for President.  We
need a social and fiscal conservative in office when President Bush leaves
office.

Elizabeth Hall
(LCDR-USNA/Ret)
7752 E. Auburn Street
Mesa, AZ  85207
elizabethrose10@hotmail.com
From:	JWK <jkenney1@tampabay.rr.com>
Sent:	Friday, July 21, 2006 5:40 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Cc:	Bill.Young@mail.house.gov
Subject:	Partisan interference

Jeb: I would like you to take some action to stop this illegal activity by the Republican Party in Pinellas County.  Make it happen:
 

Partisan interference



Voters decided in 1998 to make school board races nonpartisan, but in Pinellas the GOP is dumping tens of thousands of dollars into races.


A Times Editorial
Published July 21, 2006

  _____  


For the Republican Party to attempt to buy seats on the Pinellas School Board is offensive enough if big money alone were the issue. But its $50,000 down payment this summer comes in school elections that, by state constitutional mandate, are nonpartisan.

So what part of "no party" does Tony DiMatteo not understand?

DiMatteo, the new Pinellas Republican chairman, shows not a hint of remorse for his unprecedented degree of party interference in the elections. Instead, he told a reporter he is planning on "taking back" the School Board, as though he somehow retains ownership rights. In 1998, though, Florida voters took back the boards from political parties. They decided, by a 2-to-1 ratio, to make school board races nonpartisan, in an attempt to remove party labels and partisan politics.

DiMatteo doesn't care. He has opened the party's checkbook to candidates whose most relevant qualification is the degree to which they have worked for Republicans.

Look at Peggy O'Shea, who was handed a $20,000 check for a campaign that had raised little more than $5,000 on its own. O'Shea boasts extensive involvement in school and district activities, but she is also the party's former campaign operations director. One of her opponents is a respected longtime former school administrator who happens to be black and Republican, but Lewis Williams hasn't worked as a party insider. He got nothing.

Make no mistake. The kind of money the party is pouring into the races of three candidates - O'Shea, board member Nancy Bostock and Carl Neuman - could easily tip the scales. Only one of the 17 candidates in four different races this year has topped $10,000 in contributions to date, and that candidate, Bostock, is getting $5,000 from the Republicans. Neuman, who only entered his race two weeks ago, is getting a $10,000 check. The three also will get $15,000 worth of party mailing.

If political parties can dump $50,000 into low-budget races in which all other contributions are limited to $500, then the parties will hijack nonpartisan school elections. That's not what voters intended, and lawmakers shouldn't allow it.

As the Pinellas school campaign progresses over the next six weeks, voters might want to ponder what the Republicans are seeking for their investment and what the three candidates intend to deliver for it. Pinellas is a school district that faces a glaring racial achievement gap, a ponderous student choice assignment plan and declining state aid, and it doesn't need politicos trying to dictate the solutions.

DiMatteo may want to "take back" the board, but it belongs to the people and not the partisans.

From:	Jorge Castellano <jc@pivotalconstruction.com>
Sent:	Friday, July 21, 2006 12:49 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Dear Governor

Governor,

If you saw me perhaps might remember me. I was the last guy at the Florida Inaugural ball last year to take a picture with you.  I'm writing to you because of the difficulties that we're having evacuating Americans from Lebanon. I know this isn't exactly your bailiwick, however, you are my Governor and the President's brother and I thought you might impress upon him what loyal Republicans are saying in Florida. In a post Katrina world we as a party can't afford to continue taking the hits in the press like we've been taking since last September. I can't possibly see how we're going to fare well in November with the stories coming out of Lebanon on CNN of Americans paying $3,200 to taxis to evacuate their wives and children to Beirut in the middle of the night only to be turned away at the Embassy. And more importantly, putting  aside any political considerations, these are American citizens, and we are the most powerful nation on Earth. Why can't we evacuate out people as fast as the Italians have?? I've always been a great fan of your father's and the President. I'd like to believe that he's authorized all of the resources that are needed to get this done, but what I'm reading in the news seems to contradict what I assume he's already done. If what the press is reporting is erroneous then we need better spin on this, if not then we need more boots on the ground to get our people out.

I know you're not running.... If you do I'll vote for you.

Saludos,

-Jorge Castellano



From:	Paul Istock <phistock@comcast.net>
Sent:	Wednesday, July 19, 2006 7:49 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Republicans

There are a lot of "Republicans" coming up for election in the near future. I have always voted for them but may be changing my mind.
 
When it comes to the election for State Governor, it seems he may have been influential in the "Citizens" insurance debacle.
 
When it comes to the National elections it seems that they have done nothing for the "Pension Reform" bill, and I am a retried Delta pilot whom is going to suffer a great deal. I have had it with my elected officials and may decide to vote for the opposite party for the first time in my life.
 
Thank you,
Paul and Abbey 
From:	Jason B <crotalus97@yahoo.com>
Sent:	Wednesday, July 19, 2006 6:20 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Run for the US Senate!!!

 	 Sen. Bill Nelson (D) is supposed to be the most vulnurable demacrat in the Senate this november.  Yet with Katheleen Harris as his opponent he is safe.  If you Jeb Bush run for the Florida Senate seat you will win.  The USA will be bettered by this contribution.  Besides You can still run for the White house in 08!
 
God Bless!!! 


Jason Bialecki

  _____  

Talk is cheap. Use Yahoo! Messenger to make PC-to-Phone calls. Great rates starting at 1¢/min.
From:	Rivsweat@aol.com
Sent:	Wednesday, July 19, 2006 12:57 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	RE: Run for the US Senate

Please run for the US Senate against the sitting Democrat, Nelson!
 
You are the only person who can capture this vital seat in the US Senate for the Republican Party and the views it represents; Kathleen Harris doesn't have a chance of unseating the Democrat Senator from your state, who you know has not and will not effectively represent the views of the majority of Floridians.
 
Heck, run as an Independent candidate, if you like; then, caucus with the Republicans. You could most likely mount a very serious, if not successful, candidacy for US President in 2008 or 2012 as a third party standard bearer; the US Citizens are tired of the "same old, same old" in Washington from both the Republicans and Democrats.
 
I really believe that you could run as a "write in" and win!
 
This nation is in trouble, and it needs people like you to serve it in Washington! God help us if the likes of Sen Ted Kennedy and Sen Leahy are leading Senate committees under the leadership of Sen "Harry the Hedgehog" Reid! 
 
The US Senate was good enough for your grandfather.
 
charles d deeter jr
16226 parksley dr
houston, tx 77059-4715
From:	RICHARD <manbrig3@verizon.net>
Sent:	Wednesday, July 19, 2006 10:12 AM
To:	JEB BUSH
Subject:	Business

Governor Jeb Bush:
I am a Rep. all my life moved to Florida in 1989 to Pasco and registered Rep. voted for you all times for Gov. even though first time you lost. As of now I feel I should change parties as I lost all feelings for it .#1 Citizens Insurance you are doing nothing for us except to make us leave something you should help us with  but NO!!!!!.#2 first time you got involved in Schiavo case you should of mind your own business you represent us not them.#3 now it is a nurse who should not of said nothing on TV but now you open your big mouth again not representing us the Rep. party or us again just you.#4 Start taking care  of the People who listened to your Mother's letters to us to vote for you to represent us like citizens insurance.Till next election will vote to taking out all Congress and putting in new people.
Richard Leischner    
From:	Miles Seter <milesseter@msn.com>
Sent:	Saturday, July 15, 2006 6:06 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Please run for Senator !!

Dear Sir:  Please PLEASE run for Senator.  Ms Harris has NO chance.
 
Sincerely,
 
Miles and Debbie Seter
401 Sorrento Court
Punta Gorda, FL  33950
From:	MFS1143@aol.com
Sent:	Friday, July 14, 2006 12:20 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	(no subject)

I'm contacting you to find out if you are considering
to run for President.
I hope you will i have a  feeling  that you will
have a very good chance of winning
We need you in office I have followed you
closely as being Governor of Florida,
and i believe you can do just as good as
President as you have done being Governor, I think that all the Bush's has
done a good job in office..
We need people in office to keep the Constaution as it was written,
and the Second Amendment ,and Legally-armed citizens are a threat to nobody but criminals.
Thank You
Mike Stahler
From:	Big River Vision Clinic <brvclinic@qwest.net>
Sent:	Wednesday, July 12, 2006 6:04 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	President 2008

Honorable Sir:

I know not whether you desire to run for President of the United States.
Your father and brother are admirable in their administrations.  You, also,
are admirable in your administration of the State of Florida. I would like
to see you run for President of our nation.

My impression of the attacks by the Socialists/Liberals and the print and
broadcast (entertainment) media against your brother are attempts to
diminish any chance you have of being elected as our President.  I expect
our GOP to weather the storm of attacks and prove the media biased and the
Socialist/Liberals wrong.

I wish you God's speed and God's will.

John Alfson, O.D.
Chairman, Rio Grande Party Republican Party, Colorado


From:	Christopher Pannier <mcpannier@hotmail.com>
Sent:	Monday, July 10, 2006 5:04 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	[*] Run for President!

Jeb, you were a great governor. Please run for president in 2008.
Thanks.






  _____  

Express yourself instantly with Windows Live Messenger
From:	Max Yuratich <yuratich@charter.net>
Sent:	Friday, July 7, 2006 1:16 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	We need your help Governor.

Friday, July 7, 2006

Dear Governor Bush,

 

     Please consider running for President in 2008.  I know you enjoy your job, you have a reelection to worry about, and you don’t want to chase the Presidency just for the glorification of your ego.  However, McCain would split the party and definitely lose.  Conservatives don’t trust him on Pro-Life and taxes, which are two of the three issues that define this party along with the Terror War.  You are by far the best chance we have not just we (Republicans, or we (Americans) but we who care about protecting the unborn, keeping taxes low, and winning the Terror War.  Look at your advantages:

1. Governor

2. Bush name

3. perceived as smart

4. Catholic

5. Conservative who can also bring swing voters

6. could pick a great Ohio Republican and have an easier time with the two crucial states

 

     If we don’t win in 2008, all hope is lost for the foreseeable future on the issue of protecting the unborn, and potentially unknown quantities of people could die if the Terror War is not fought properly.  You are the one person positioned to affect the future in the right directions.  If you do not pick up the gauntlet, will you be able to live with the consequences for the unborn, world, and America from the policies of a liberal President.  You are not just trying to follow in your father and brothers footprints; you are the only one I see on the horizon who will do the right thing if elected and can win.  Help the future.

 


Sincerely, Max H. Yuratich


104 Chubasco Lane

Slidell, LA 70458

985-285-6395

yuratichone@yahoo.com
From:	e b <eb4jesus@hotmail.com>
Sent:	Thursday, July 6, 2006 6:58 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	thank you

Dear Governor Bush:

      Do you happen to have any more bumper stickers from your 2002 
campaign?!  Thank you for all that you have done for our State over the last 
71/2 yrs.  Can we elect you again?  I know, the Constitution says only two 
terms.  Can we change the Constitution before the elections?  I know, we 
cannot.  I really have not decided who I am going to vote for in September.  
Again, thank you for your expertise in governing our State.  My family and I 
really appreciate all you have done.  When can we vote for you for 
President?

                                                    Sincerely,
                                                     Eric Boyer from 
Lakeland


From:	Kerry Brooks <brooks_kl@hotmail.com>
Sent:	Tuesday, July 4, 2006 5:18 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Endorsement for Next Governor

Governor Bush,

Who do you endorse for our next Governor and why?
 
Thank you!
 
Kerry Brooks

From:	zookeeper _ <zookeeper_@msn.com>
Sent:	Monday, July 3, 2006 9:12 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Support Katherine Harris

Dear Governor Bush:
 
I have seen and I have heard that you are not endorsing Katherine Harris.  I cannot believe that the Republicans in our great state and you have pulled support for her.  I would like to hear your reasons.
 
When Katherine first ran for House, you did not endorse then and she won.  I feel she is a great Republican and holds Florida very close to her.  If you and the rest of the Republicans would endorse her and support her, she may be able to win over Mr. Nelson.  He really has not done much for our state, and he has served his time.
 
Our state is overall Republican, and hopefully, Katherine will win for us.
 
Sincerely yours,
Anne Burke
From:	Dingdarlin <Dingdarlin@comcast.net>
Sent:	Saturday, July 1, 2006 12:14 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	One more time---pragmatism for the  better of Florida Citizens and our Fl. GOP Party.

Governor:
 
Please consider asking K. Harris to withdraw from Senate race.
She has indicated she would do so, if you will step in and secure this
crucial seat for Florida. 
 
After your election to the US Senate you can be poised for the  VP
nomination, if desired ? You could stay in the Senate or resign to seek the VP.for 08.
Governor Crist would appoint another GOP, if you chose to resign in pursuit of 
VP goal.
 
To let liberal Bill Nelson have this seat for another 6 years and probably longer
will not serve the best interests of Florida. To surrender this pivotal seat is irrational.
 
A happy Fourth of July.
 
Thankyou.
 
Gary A. Lee, Chairman
Lee County Republican Party
