From:	Phyllis Leonard <phyllis.leonard@verizon.net>
Sent:	Sunday, November 26, 2006 2:52 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Senseless waste

She was just 13 in May. Last year she struggled with math. Her teacher who was very good, had been diagnosed with cancer and had to undergo treatments which meant he was out of school for much of the year. This didn't help poor Samantha who had pretty much convinced herself she couldn't do math. He was able to come back late in the year, however, and this school year she had gotten an A on her first math test. She was so excited she called her aunt up in Massachusetts. A few days later she was dead, the victim of a senseless action of an uncaring man who was drunk and hit the car she was riding in and then left the scene. He had a record pages long which included  Assault and Battery charges and other DUI charges which had been reduced to driving to endanger. 
 
At her funeral service, her father had struggled to get a memorial slide show with music set up in the church. It had to be just right. He worked on it for days before the service. It included many pictures, one of which was of her as "Little Orphan Annie" singing "The Sun Come Out Tomorrow". I was down at the alter paying my respect at the casket. I turned to go back down the isle just as she started to sing. I saw her grandfather who was coming up the isle nearly collapse and turn and run back out of the church. 
 
Her little brother has an attentional deficit and although he is very bright he relied heavily on her to stay on task and do what he was supposed to be doing. "She was his rock," his father said. 
 
The service also included the testimonials of @ 50 of the youngsters who knew her. Her father wanted this because as he said to me, "I wish you could have really known her." As the kids talked through their tears a picture arose of a kid who was kind and bright and loving and a friend to all...one who would have made a great contribution to us all. One little girl, struggling to overcome her tears, told of the first time she met Sami, which was on the school bus on her first day at this new school she was now attending. The seat next to Sami was vacant and Sami said, "Hi, you're new, aren't you. Come sit by me." Another little girl who was struggling with a difficult family situation was cutting herself. Sami said to her, " If you don't stop doing that I won't be able to be your friend anymore. It hurts me so to look at you."  Others talked of all the fun they had had..great stories of just kid stuff.
 
I'm sure the service sounds a little unorthodox, but it was truly wonderful, especially for someone like me who didn't really know her too well. I wish you could have been there, too. I wish you could see what a terrible waste this was. Surely there is something that can be done to strengthen the drunk driving laws in  Florida.
 
Yours truly,
 
 
 
Phyllis Leonard
Samantha LeVeille's cousin.
From:	sheila <sheboco@motai.net>
Sent:	Saturday, November 25, 2006 2:24 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Cc:	kwilliams1@hccfl.edu
Subject:	advertising and guns

As the parent of a high school and middle school student, and as a student myself, the recent outbreak of shootings in the schools is of great concern.

 

You may feel the following situation warrants your involvement:

 

Recently I was shopping at Publix and as I walked by the magazine section I was dismayed to see, front and center, a magazine devoted to assault rifles.  The title was “AK 15” and page after page extolled the virtues of assault rifles.  (The weapon used in the recent shooting of a high school principal was an AR 15.)

 

I then spoke to the manager who said Publix had no control over which magazines the vendor put in their stores.

 

I noted that Playboy, Playgirl and similar magazines were absent and that Publix obviously did have control over the magazines the vendor supplies.

 

The manager then agreed to put the AR 15 magazines behind the service counter, but would continue to sell it. 

 

On my next trip, I noted that the AR 15 magazine had been removed.

 

It would seem appropriate for your office to verify AR 15 magazines are sold at other Publix stores and then to use the power of your office to persuade Publix management that the AR 15 magazine is inappropriate and to remove if from its shelves.

 

Sincerely, Sheila Crawford

From:	Cowboy <cowboy1991@earthlink.net>
Sent:	Tuesday, October 3, 2006 2:48 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Re: Fwd: Re: Student interview

Hello,

 My name is Robert Patrick. How are you? I live in Osceola County. I had a question about Atv's. I heard about a state law has opened up for atv's. That you could ride them on unpaved roads un der the speed limit of 35. Is that true, and do the driver have to have a license or what? I have called everybody, the Sheriff office and the Department of Highway safty. The Sheriff Department put me on hold for 20 minute til I got an answer, which then they didn't even know anything about it. So, I hope you can help me.

 

                                                                                          Thank You,

                                                                                                 R.Patrick

