From:	Wilhoite, Terre <Terre.Wilhoite@aa.com>
Sent:	Sunday, October 1, 2006 1:44 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Chaz Wilhoite -school

Hello Mr Bush,

My name is Chaz Wilhoite and I am a student at Calvary Christian Academy.  We are studying state Florida for social studies.  My class will be taking a trip to St Augustine in two months.  I have to write a report about Florida.  If you could please send me any information that we be great.

 

Thank you very much

Chaz Wilhoite

710 SE 6th terrace

Pompano Beach Florida 33060

 

From:	Alissa Guiles <funmonkey1806@yahoo.com>
Sent:	Tuesday, October 3, 2006 10:19 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	[*] Information about Florida Government

Dear sir,
I am a Florida resident attending college and pursuing an education degree. I am required to compose a notebook on the state of Florida for a Teaching History and Geography course. I would greatly appreciate any information you could send me on Florida government, economy, congressmen, and senators  either via e-mail or by mail. Also, any maps or pamphlets you could send would be most useful. I thank you once again for your help and support.
Sincerely,
Alissa L. Guiles
P.O. Box 2000
Powell, TN 37849



  _____  

How low will we go? Check out Yahoo! Messenger’s low PC-to-Phone call rates.
From:	Steadman, Lisa <steadman_l@woodwardps.net>
Sent:	Tuesday, October 3, 2006 11:36 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	2nd grade from Oklahoma would love your help:-)

  

My 2nd grade class has been studying Johnny Appleseed. Since Johnny had such fun adventures traveling across the country, my class decided we also wanted to have an adventure of own across the U.S. We would like to receive postcards from all 50 states. I have contacted all my relatives in every state but I don't have any relatives in Florida. I would love it if you would send a postcard to:  

Cale Steadman

 P.O. Box 39 

Sharon-Mutual Elementary - 2nd Grade

Sharon, OK 73857

Thank you so much!!!

Cale Steadman 

 

From:	David & Barbara Williams <d_williamsfamily@yahoo.com>
Sent:	Tuesday, October 3, 2006 1:47 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Information

Gov. Bush,
 
Our Girl Scout Brownie Troop is representing the State of Florida this year at our Thinking Day Celebration.  We were wondering if you could send our girls information on your beautiful state?
 
Thank you,
 
Barbara Williams
Troop 3289 Leader
49 Ripley Road
Stafford, VA  22556

  _____  

Stay in the know. Pulse on the new Yahoo.com. Check it out. 
From:	Crowley, Mary E. <MECROWLEY@PARTNERS.ORG>
Sent:	Wednesday, October 4, 2006 6:49 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	elementary school project

Dear Governor Bush,
 
      My Name is Erin Crowley and I am a fifth grader at St. Jerome School in
Weymouth Massachusetts.  I have chosen Florida as my state project and was
hoping to obtain a letter or any correspondance you may be able to share with my
class.  I was excited that I knew the governor of Florida and that you were
related to our president!  I would love to share any information you may send
and be very excited to hear from you.  Thank you for any time you can spare and
I look forward to hearing from you.


     My address is: Erin Crowley  234 Libert Bell Circle  Weymouth, Ma 02189.
Thanks for your time and dedication! Erin




     


From:	BBMEMA@aol.com
Sent:	Thursday, October 5, 2006 10:08 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	[*] request

Dear Sir,
    My name is Carol Thibodeau. I am a before school teacher for the ABACUS program in Attleboro, MA. My class is trying to obtain a business card from each Governor. They can be mailed to me at Carol Thibodeau, 8 Liberty Drive, South Attleboro, MA. 02703
Thank you
From:	LINDA DOHERTY <ladoherty112@hotmail.com>
Sent:	Thursday, October 5, 2006 4:16 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Facts

Dear Govenor Jeb Bush,
Hi!  my name is Samantha Doherty. I am doing a 5th grade school project on Tallahassee, Florida.  I thought I shoud email you and ask you to send me some interesting facts about Tallahssee. I wanted to know about its history,backrounds,and cultures, and some other cool stuff. I really want a good grade on this project. So please Jeb Bush, email me back!    

Thanks,

Samantha Doherty

11 Ruskin Road

Fair Lawn, NJ 07410                                      


  _____  

Add fun gadgets and colorful themes to express yourself on Windows Live Spaces 
From:	Andrea Smith <JMCqtgirl96@aol.ocm>
Sent:	Friday, October 6, 2006 5:16 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Hi, I`m Andrea

Andrea Smith
126 E Reynolds St.
Urbana, OH 43078-2142


October 6, 2006

The Honorable Jeb Bush
Governor of Florida
The Capitol, 400 S. Monroe St.
Tallahassee, FL 32399-0001


Dear Governor Bush:

Hi my name is Andrea and I`m in 5th grade in Ohio and I`m doing a report 
on Florida. I was hoping maybe you could give me some information like 
activities the state is famous for or just maybe a website. Thank You! 

                        

Sincerely,


Andrea


From:	J Chesling <jmches@hughes.net>
Sent:	Sunday, October 8, 2006 6:10 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Recipe

Hello.
 
I work for the Sumter County Supervisor of Elections in Bushnell, Florida.  Each year I create a Christmas Election Booklet which has information regarding elections and also some recipes from various sources.  This year I am trying to obtain a favorite recipe from each of the governors.  I have had a wonderful response.  However, I haven't heard from you.  
 
Hope to hear from you soon.
 
Mailing address:  Jeannie Chesling, 220 E. McCollum Avenue, Bushnell, FL 33513
Phone:                 (352) 793-0230
E-mail Address:  JChesling@sumterelections.org
 
Jeannie Chesling
Chief Deputy Assistant
Sumter County Supervisor of Elections
www.sumterelections.org
From:	Tiffani Deaver <tiffanideaver@yahoo.com>
Sent:	Monday, October 9, 2006 9:40 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Fifth grade student project

Dear Governor Bush,
My son attends Deerfield-Windsor School in Albany, Ga.   He has a class project to collect postcards from the 50 states.  I was wondering if I could get a postcard from the State of Florida for his project.   If there is another office for me to contact please send me their contact information.  If you will help us with this project please send a postcard to: Matthew Rogers 1724 Lynwood Lane Albany, Ga. 31707.
Thank you so much for your help,
Tiffani Deaver


  _____  

Yahoo! Messenger with Voice. Make PC-to-Phone Calls to the US (and 30+ countries) for 2¢/min or less.
From:	g <4irish4@verizon.net>
Sent:	Tuesday, October 10, 2006 2:05 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	School project

Dear Governor Bush,
     My name is Erin Crowley and I am a fifth grade student at St. Jerome School in Weymouth Massachusetts.  I have chosen the state of Florida as my state for our state project.  I was hoping I could receive some type of correspondence form your office to share with my class.  This would be very exciting to share with my classmates.  Anything reply and/or information you could share would be wonderful.  My address is as follows  Erin Crowley
                                      234 Liberty Bell Cr
                                      Weymouth, Ma 02189
My E-Mail address is: 4irish4@verizon.net
 
Thank You for your time and help.  I look forward to hearing from you!
  Erin Crowley
From:	Tom Hall <tomha@johnlscott.com>
Sent:	Saturday, October 14, 2006 1:20 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	school project

Hello Governor Bush,,
 
This is Madison, my Dad is Tom Hall. He said I could use his email for my school project.
 
I am trying to collect postcards from all 50 states. Will you please send a post card to my school with a note and fact about the state you're from ?  Here is the address:
 
Chapman Hill Elementary School
C/O Room 20
1500 Doaks Ferry Road NW
Salem, OR   97304
 
Thank you,
Madison Hall
From:	Melissa Libby <mvzlibby@wowway.com>
Sent:	Wednesday, October 18, 2006 8:32 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Education

Dear Governor Bush,

I am a fifth grader at  Hamlin School in Rochester Hills, Michigan.  I am working on a Social Studies project, where I am collecting traditional postmarks from each state.  I was wondering if your office could send me a piece of mail with a  postmark that has the two letter abbreviation for Florida. Thank you.

Sincerely,

Zach Libby

1626 Dennett Lane

Rochester Hills, MI  48307

From:	Michelle Leifson <michelleleifson@hotmail.com>
Sent:	Tuesday, October 24, 2006 3:05 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Request for Postcard

My name is Michelle Leifson and I am from Utah.  I would love to travel one 
day, but am unable to right now.  I collect postcards from other people who 
do travel.  I haven't been able to get one from Florida and I am wondering 
if someone could send me one.  It would be greatly appreciated and also any 
other information.  If this is possible my address is:
Michelle Leifson
396 W. Center St.
Richfield, UT 84701
Thank you,
Michelle Leifson

_________________________________________________________________
Find a local pizza place, music store, museum and more…then map the best 
route!  http://local.live.com?FORM=MGA001
From:	skmomof5@aol.com
Sent:	Wednesday, October 25, 2006 11:23 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush

Dear Mr. Bush,

I am in the sixth grade and I am doing a report on the State of Florida.  Would you be able to send me information on your state for my report? I need to make a postcard showing 4 different attractions to your state, as well as an informational report. Anyhting you could send me would be greatly appreciated.  P.S. You can also e-mail me at my mom's e-mail if that would be easier.  skmomof5@aol.com
 
 
Thank You,
 
Alana Kaner
12943 Lasalle Lane
Huntington Woods, MI.  48070
  _____  

Check out the new AOL. Most comprehensive set of free safety and security tools, free access to millions of high-quality videos from across the web, free AOL Mail and more.

From:	YMCAStuartCEP@aol.com
Sent:	Thursday, October 26, 2006 10:30 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Re:  Education

Dear Governor,
 
   My name is Valerie Slaten, I am a director for a before and after school program for the YMCA of Greater Louisville.  We are doing a project about the 50 states.  We are requesting information from each state, including state symbols, so that we can put together a scrapbook.  Any information that you could send to us would be greatly appreciated.
 
Thank you for your help on this project.  We feel very strongly about educating our children about this wonderful country that we live in.  Any information that you can send to us, can be sent to:
 
Valerie Slaten
C/O YMCA of Greater Louisville
2411 Bowman Ave.
Louisville, Ky  40217
 
Thank you again for your help with our State Project!
 
Valerie Slaten
Stuart Childcare Enrichment Program
Site Director
From:	Bcb141@aol.com
Sent:	Sunday, October 29, 2006 9:56 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	My name is Sierra from Oklahoma I need information about the state of Forida

Governor Bush,
 Hello sir.  My name is Sierra Berryhill and I'm in the 4th grade.  I live in Broken Arrow Oklahoma.  I am writing a report for my school about the great State of Florida. I need more information about your wonderful state so I could put it in my report. I would appreciate all the help you can give me.  My address is: 3405 South Umbrella Ave.  Broken Arrow, OK  74012.  Thank you so much for your time and all your help.
 
Sierra Berryhill 
 
 
From:	Janis Gillis <janisgillis@shaw.ca>
Sent:	Thursday, November 9, 2006 10:10 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush

Dear Governor Jeb Bush,

My name is Lisa. I am a grade eight International Baccalaureate student at Westminster Junior High School in Edmonton, Alberta Canada. I am doing a presentation on the region that your state is in. Could you please send me information and items so that I can represent your state in the best, most positive and accurate way possible.

 

Sincerely,

Lisa

Westminster School

Edmonton, Alberta Canada

13714 – 104 Ave

T5N OW4
From:	Salerno, Janet <JSalerno@hannasd.org>
Sent:	Monday, November 13, 2006 9:51 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	I would Like a Postcard

  
Dear Governor   Jeb Bush,
 
Hello, I am a student at Thomas Holtzman Elem. School in Pennsylvania. I happen to be in the gifted program in my school. At the moment we are researching a certain state. My state happens to be Florida! I need a postcard from your wonderful state. It would be much appreciated if you would send it to me. You can send your reply in e-mail to me at the email address below. You can send the post card to my school at the mail address. Thank you very much.
                 
                                                                                                                    Sincerely,
                                                                                                       Thomas Holtzman Elem. Student # 27 
 
 
Janet Salerno
Gifted Support
Thomas W. Holtzman Jr. Elementary
1910 Linglestown Road
Harrisburg, PA 17110
657-5158
jsalerno@hannaweb.org 
 
From:	ldvines@bellsouth.net
Sent:	Monday, November 20, 2006 6:56 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Cc:	ldvines@bellsouth.net
Subject:	project

  Dear Mr. Bush,
                 I am doing a project on Florida for Social Studies class
and I was wondering if you could send me some information.  Thank you for
your time and help.

                                                    Sincerly yours,
                                                                  Erin Vines

From:	Dotty Hayes <jimboh@okeechobee.com>
Sent:	Saturday, November 25, 2006 11:41 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Florida information packet

Dear Mr. Governor,
 
You have provided me with Florida information packets about the state capital, yourself, and other Florida information before and it included a photo of yourself which I used as the cover for a presentation binder when presenting the Florida information to some young students.  I ordered info (which I received in September) for my niece in Iowa and received the packet but it did not have your photo included. I have been very busy so hadn’t written before now.  I was wondering if you had another photo you could send. I will be preparing a package to send to my Mom for Christmas and will be including Florida information for my niece.  Thank you very much.
 
Congratulations on helping to get Charlie Crist as your replacement.  Though we are very disappointed that we didn’t get more Republican Senators and Congressmen elected to go to Washington to help your brother (our great President), we were overjoyed that we at least have Charlie Crist as our next Governor.   
 
God Bless you and your family and good luck with your new ventures after the Governorship.
 
With deepest respect,
 
Dotty & Jimmy Hayes
8301 SW 10th Lane
Okeechobee, FL  34974
 
 
 
From:	Kaylie Fode <chicken572@hotmail.com>
Sent:	Wednesday, November 29, 2006 1:04 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	State Information Request

Hello,

My name is Kaylie and I am a fifth grade student at Opstad Elementary in
Washington.  I am currently studying the 50 United States and was wondering
if you have any information that you could send to me.  I am most interested
in information such as a state map, local tourist and historical spots and
any other information you may have.  (state bird, state flag, 
flower,population, etc)

My address is

Kaylie Fode
14925 444th Ave SE
North Bend, WA 98045

Thank you!
Kaylie Fode

_________________________________________________________________
Share your latest news with your friends with the Windows Live Spaces 
friends module. 
http://clk.atdmt.com/MSN/go/msnnkwsp0070000001msn/direct/01/?href=http://spaces.live.com/spacesapi.aspx?wx_action=create&wx_url=/friends.aspx&mk
From:	Tanya M. Madison <tmadison_mail@yahoo.com>
Sent:	Tuesday, December 5, 2006 10:21 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Information Request

Dear Governor Bush,
My daughter's prekindergarten and kindergarten class are studying the United States. As part of the lesson, the teachers have requested that the children obtain postcards from all over the United States. I thought who would know a state better than its governor? Would you (or a member of your staff) be so kind as to send a postcard to the children? The address is: Miss Cat Cunningham c/o Pre-K/K Educational Enrichment Center 730 Halstead Rd. Wilmington, DE 19803. Many thanks in advance for any assistance you render. 
Sincerely and with best regards, 
Tanya Madison Cunningham (Catherine's mom)



Tanya Madison Cunningham
From:	auctionmuse <auctionmuse@yahoo.com>
Sent:	Monday, December 11, 2006 11:20 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	State Postcard Challenge

Dear Governor Bush:

My name is Sofia Talbani and I am 8 years old. I am in
3rd grade at Vandagriff Eelementary, Aledo, TX.   We
are studying the various states and am participiating
in a challenge to receive postcards and mail from all
the states in our country.  I hope you can mail me a
postcard from Florida and visit our school in Aledo
when you come to Texas.  Thank you very much.  Happy
holidays.

Sofia Talbani
188 S Bear Creek Ln.
Cresson TX 76035



 
____________________________________________________________________________________
Cheap talk?
Check out Yahoo! Messenger's low PC-to-Phone call rates.
http://voice.yahoo.com
From:	72451 Nobody <nobody@sun62.state.fl.us>
Sent:	Wednesday, December 13, 2006 9:35 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Comments from the One Florida Initiative Website

Please respond back to this email only if there is a email listed below.  Do not hit reply and respond back to the Email that's in the from box above.  Thanks.


NAME: maria


ADDRESS: 475calleretama


CITY: brownsville


COUNTY: Gulf


STATE: texas


ZIP: 78520


E-MAIL: bzsaldana@hotmail.com


SUBJECT: report


COMMENTS: Dear governor i am doing a report on your beautiful state of florida i would like it if you can send me a letter and some informtion of things you do over their thank you 


From:	Don McKee <mckeedon@gmail.com>
Sent:	Tuesday, December 26, 2006 10:55 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Cc:	James B Meadow, Reporter, DRMN, Rocky Mountain News; John Temple, Editor; Vincent Carroll, Editor, Editorial pag; fwegener@parkco.us
Subject:	Fred Wegener, Park County, Colorado -- elected Sheriff, chief law-enforcement officer
Attachments:	JeffCo Sheriff Motor Officer Honor Guard for Emily; pic by PineDust.jpg; Columbine to Canyon; Map.jpg; Columbine H S Pride_RobNort photo_2044722250059399376JWrlto_fs.jpg; Ellen Stoddard Keyes and John-Michael Keyes, Emily Keyes' parents, hug in Bailey on Saturday during the Columbine to Canyon Ride..jpg; Emily's mom is beyond awesome; pic by AC44.jpg; Emily's Mom & Sheriff Fred_Columbine H S_PA080117.JPG; Sheriff Fred Wegener.jpg; Sheriff Fred Wegener and his gorgeous wife, June, ride up the hill for Emily; photo by J T.jpg; JeffCo Sheriff Motor Officer Honor Guard for Emily; pic by PineDust.jpg; Sheriff Fred Wegener & Frank DeAngelis_Columbine H S_PA080096.JPG; Sheriff Fred Wegener, with badge and gun, arrives at Platte Canyon H S with his lovely wife, June, aboard.jpg

..
26 Dec 2006, telecon, Alena
Gov. Bush' Executive Office
850-488-7146
 
Dear Alena, 
 
Thank you for your kindness and gracious attention when I called you this morning.  "Sheriff Fred" is a local hero in Colorado.  When the Denver Rocky Mountain News published the piece (below) this morning, and Fred was quoted as expressing a fondest wish... to work for the FMP (Florida Marine Patrol), it seemed appropriate to bring this to the attention of your boss.  Also appended is a piece about the "School Safety" gathering hosted by the White House in October 2006.  
 
Florida would be fortunate indeed to have Fred Wegener aboard.
 
    Best regards,    Don McKee, Venice, FL (snowbird)    303-444-2222
..
..
Steve Groome, Park County Attorney
719-839-0040
..
Fred Wegener,  Park County, Colorado -- chief law-enforcement officer
P.O Box 1373 County Courthouse Fairplay, CO 80440-0000 
P.O. Box 460, Bailey, CO, 80421-0460
Phone: (719) 836-2771
Fax: (719) 836-4204
http://www.parkbull.com/politics/2006/fwegener06.html
 
You can contact me at:
719-836-4101 (Fairplay) / 303-838-4441 (Bailey - leave message)
Email: fwegener@parkco.us
..
 
 
Emily Keyes
 
 
 
   
Colorado, Park County Sheriff Fred Wegener
 
 
 

Darin McGregor © Rocky Mountain News 

Fishing decorations cover a wall of Sheriff Fred Wegener's office in Fairplay.  Various letters and commendations, including ones from the FBI and President Bush, also adorn the walls. 

 

Small-town sheriff shines; Fred Wegener


Park County's top lawman became known nationwide when gunman invaded Platte Canyon school


 

By James B. Meadow, Denver's Rocky Mountain News 
December 26, 2006

BAILEY - The morning sky is exploding into pink and the 7:17 a.m. bell for first period is jangling in the air as a parade of students swirls toward the big man with the easy, country-boy smile, totally uncool haircut and SIG-Sauer P220 pistol on his belt. 

"Mornin'. " 

"Hey, Fred." 

Once upon a time - has it really been a quarter of a century? - he was just like them.  Went to this very high school, a slouching, laughing, wisecracking student.  Going to class but probably thinking more about fishing for the brookies in Elk Creek… or necking in a car on the dirt roads where houses weren't even a rumor. 

Back then, he was a four-time letterman in basketball and football, but he was also a guy who knew what he wanted out of life.  Gosh, he had always known, ever since he was 8 and a Denver policeman was kind to him.  Never wavered once and wasn't shy about letting you know.  So when it had come time to write his ambition in the senior yearbook, it was a no-brainer: "To be the best cop in the country." 

"Mornin'.  Hey, nice hat." 

"Mornin', Fred." 

A couple hundred kids move through the doors he is holding open for them, a couple hundred kids - boys in AC/DC hoodies, girls with a little too much eye makeup - flow past him but nobody calls the big man anything but his Christian name.  Nobody uses his title.  Nobody calls Fred Wegener "Sheriff." 

But everybody knows that's who he is.  All the kids at Platte Canyon High School, all the people in Bailey, all the 17,000 souls who live in Park County.  And, because of what happened on Sept. 27, so do a lot of people in the country and the world. 

They know how a gunman named Duane Morrison entered the high school and took six girls hostage in a classroom, molesting them.  They heard that he claimed to have a bomb in his backpack.  They learned how, after releasing four of the girls, he cut off communication with law enforcement and made vague references to an ominous deadline. 

They read about how the order - Wegener's order - sent SWAT teams into the classroom and how, in a volcano of explosives and gunfire, one girl escaped but one did not.  How the man killed 16-year-old Emily Keyes and then himself, tearing out a family's heart, battering a community's sense of innocence, thrusting a 44-year-old sheriff onto a national stage where in his darkest moment as a cop he didn't shrink from the light. 

Sheriff Wegener, what were you thinking when the call came in and you were racing to the school? 

"Honestly, I was scared to death… I was just praying we would do the right thing," he said, not relying on a public information officer because he didn't have one. 

Who made the decision to go in? 

"It was my call," he said, telling the truth, but also taking the heat off the SWAT team leaders whose input was crucial. 

What made you decide to send in the SWAT teams? 

"He was hurting my girls," he said to the media, grim and sad, omitting at the time specifics of Morrison's depraved behavior toward the girls, omitting the fact that the SWAT teams heard the girls screaming, omitting for the time a lot of things but never the truth. 

"When I watched Fred on TV, I was really impressed," said Shauna Doven, a Bailey resident.  "He was representing his community, he was representing us; he was beyond what I could ever have expected.  At the time, he was bigger than Bailey." 

Bigger than Bailey?  Not Fred Wegener.  Holy smokes, just being a part of Bailey suited him fine. 

Where the pavement ends 

"Well, as the crow flies, it's about 15 miles to the Dillon Reservoir from here," says Wegener, hands on the steering wheel of his 345-horsepower unmarked Dodge Charger.   He is cruising along U.S. 285, pointing out odds and ends of his county, which, he tells you, "is bigger than the state of Delaware." 

As the car rolls past the statue of Christ that sits atop a mountain above Santa Maria, Wegener says off-handedly, "A lot of folks don't know this, but that's the largest religious statue in North America." 

Sometimes, the commentary will come to a halt when Wegener pulls his car over to drive a herd of bighorn sheep away from the side of U.S. 285.  When his siren and flashing lights don't work, he gets out and begins clapping and yelling. 

"They come down here because they love the salt," he explains, pointing at the white smear that is used to melt ice on the road. 

Later, while patrolling some of the county's subdivisions, he points out, "The pavement used to end here; it goes five miles further now."  Or, "That's Jeff Bode's house; I graduated high school with him.  Those moose antlers you see?   He got those in Alaska." 

Occasionally, a note of frustration will creep into his voice when he talks about losing his deputies to higher-paying municipalities, concluding with, "Holy smokes, raising law enforcement salaries is like pulling teeth on a frog." 

But frustration with the job is quickly eclipsed by satisfaction: "To me, being sheriff of my hometown is pretty special.  You kind of know everybody, and because of that you're deeply ingrained in the community. You have a tighter bond with the people who live here." 

But no tighter than the bond with your deputies. 

Badge of leadership 

The sound of heavy metal music joins with the clang of heavy metal objects in the Platte Canyon High School training room as the sheriff and two deputies heft formidable weights.  Military presses.  Parallel squats.  Bench presses. 

Wegener screws up one series, shakes his head and says, "Mentally, I made that a lot harder than it was." 

After finally completing the set, he points to an old scale that he says must be at least 50 years old. 

"So what you're saying is it was here when you went to high school," cracks Sgt. Glenn Hardey. 

Not to be outdone, Deputy Rich Sonnenberg mentions Wegener's "old man love handles" and the fact that his military career was spent in the "Chair Force." 

Wegener mock-winces, but can't help laughing loud and long. 

"That's the thing about him," says Hardey.   "He's a real person to us; he's not 'The Sheriff.'  We can joke around with him.  But, hey, we all have the utmost respect for him." 

Nearby, Wegener bench-presses 225 pounds three times. 

"You're an animal!" says Hardey. 

At least a different kind of animal. 

"I was told a long time ago in the Marines that there are three traits of leadership - example, example, example," says Lt. Mark Hancock, who is also the head of Park County's SWAT team.  "That's him." 

"With the sheriff, what you see is what you get.   The only thing I can say is he's for real," says Hancock, who then goes on to say a lot more. 

Like how when Wegener is on SWAT duty - he is a fully trained member - and they're raiding a house, "He wants to be the first one through the door, the 'tunnel of death.'  I've had to assign him to the perimeter because he's not supposed to be the first one in." 

He's not supposed to handle traffic duty either, but he does, another thing that "drives me crazy." 

The problem, as everyone - including Wegener's wife, June - says is that, "Fred is a s--- magnet."  Chances are the speeder he stops will be trouble.  Outstanding warrants.  A car full of illegal drugs or weapons.  Wegener's disdain for sitting behind his desk (which, by the way, he is proud to tell you he got for $15 at an office liquidation sale) is turning Hancock's hair gray fast. 

As recently as October, Wegener tried to stop a motorcyclist who had left the scene of an accident and was flaming through Bailey.  But when the driver reached the roadblock Wegener had set up, he accelerated, knocking the sheriff down and zooming away.  Wegener, only his ego wounded, got up, jumped in his car and chased the biker over Kenosha Pass and along the "gunbarrel" straightaway of 285 at speeds nearing 145 mph.  Outside Como, he caught the guy, nudged the motorcycle's rear tire with his bumper and forced him off the road.  A cop's job. 

If he isn't picking himself off the ground and pursuing suspects, he's ticketing speeders.  If he isn't doing that, he's sitting in his car during a snowstorm, closing off 285.  There is, however, one thing he's never done in 20 years of law enforcement. 

"Have I ever shot anyone?  No - amen," he says, loosing a loud whew in the process.  "Sure, I've pulled my guns numerous times, but . . . ." 

About the only time he can remember pulling the trigger is when he shot out the front tire of a car.  Of course, the guy kept going. 

"Holy smokes, that was a heckuva chase," recalls Wegener, who, naturally, was in the middle of it. 

Because that's where a sheriff belongs. 

"The thing about Fred is he doesn't ask anything of his guys that he wouldn't do himself," says June Wegener, perhaps remembering the time two Christmases ago when her husband worked the holiday shift pretty much by himself so his deputies could be with their families. 

Even when Wegener is home, the job is never far away.   Although he says he and his wife have reached a compromise on when the police scanner is operating in their house, she shakes her head and laughs, "What compromise?  I lost.  It's on 24/7, although he does lower the volume at night.  But if there's a page, he can still hear that." 

Still, June Wegener prevailed when her husband quit Bailey's volunteer fire department after his first two years as sheriff. 

"That had been a point of contention.  I did get into a little trouble with the missus over being away too much," confesses Wegener. 

Not that Wegener lacks extracurricular activities.   His duties as sheriff haven't prevented him from chaperoning middle school dances, manning a booster club concession booth at a high school fundraiser or - more recently - being a civilian volunteer for Parents at the Door, a monitoring group at the high school established in the wake of Sept. 27. 

For the past two years, he's also game announcer for the high school football team, a task he takes seriously enough to make sure he identifies each player by number and name. 

But he takes most tasks seriously. 

When Carmela Schweer's husband, Lanny, passed on in 2004, there was only one person she wanted to preside at his funeral: her boss. 

"Lanny would have thought it was an honor because he knew the kind of man Fred was," says Schweer, a secretary in Wegener's office.  "Fred did a beautiful job." 

If it sometimes seems that Wegener is really Sheriff Andy Taylor and Bailey is really Mayberry, well, some residents might agree.  And, just like his TV counterpart, Sheriff Wegener has "this strong quiet presence about him," says Bailey resident Rhonda Davis.  "I think we feel safer knowing Fred is around." 

"Fred really cares about his community," says Mike Pilcher, who runs the Knotty Pine restaurant with his wife Barb. 

"Fred's for real, too," adds Pilcher. "What you see is what you get." 

"Approachability is a good word for Fred," says another Bailey resident.  "So often, you find people in law enforcement are aloof.  Not Fred.  He and June are just folks." 

Then the man who is speaking smiles.  He has lived in Bailey for nine years and met the sheriff on various occasions.  But it wasn't until September that he really knew him.  It wasn't until John-Michael Keyes lost his daughter that he saw a deeper side of Fred Wegener. 

Respect and the truth 

It is mid-December, nearly three months since the unthinkable happened.  Keyes sits in his airy home in the hills above Bailey.  A sign over the door says, "Live Well.  Love Much.  Laugh Often." 

Keyes is talking about standing on a porch visiting with Fred Wegener in years past while their children - his Emily, Fred's son Ben - went to birthday parties together.  He is talking about how in 2002, at the height of the devastating Snaking Fire, when flames were dangerously close to consuming Keyes' house, Wegener made himself available to talk; he even arranged for Keyes to return to his evacuated home so he could retrieve some business files.  Keyes is also talking about his differences with Wegener, largely over the sheriff's stringent control of the annual Bailey Days celebration. 

But mostly he is talking of the visit the sheriff made to his and his wife's home two days after the shooting. 

"It meant a lot to both of us, me and Ellen," says Keyes, explaining that Wegener's insistence on talking to them personally was "a clear indication of respect.  It was absolutely a statement on Fred's part of assuming responsibility.  Yeah, it would've been easy to send someone else, but that's not what he did." 

He sits there, a lean man with soft voice and sad eyes.   Although occasionally his gaze turns inward, he has the expression of someone who has made peace with tragedy because he was told the truth. 

"I have no doubt it was real hard for Fred to walk through the door - it was a tough visit.  But I wanted to hear - and he wanted to say - what had happened in that room.  It was important to me to let him know that I supported his decision." 

How about now?  After reviewing the reports and talking with SWAT team members? 

"If anything, I'm even more convinced that it was absolutely the right decision to go in." 

What else was said that Friday? 

Keyes smiles but says nothing. 

Did he and the sheriff cry? 

He slowly nods his head. 

"It's funny," he then adds.  "With today's political correctness, Fred is a PIO's worst nightmare.  He speaks from the heart.  He doesn't give you the glass face." 

Sitting nearby is Lou Gonzalez, a close friend. Gonzalez has lived in Bailey 32 years.  He knows Wegener; knew his mother, Beverly Walker, who was Park County treasurer for eight years.   He, too, has had his differences with Wegener.  He, too, says that isn't what matters. 

"You know, Fred's a tough guy, but his emotion was there for all to see," says Gonzalez.  "Everyone saw how he responded, saw the depth of his concern.  He spoke the truth.  That touched us all." 

'Freddy' fell hard for fishing 

Sometimes Wegener's reputation for honesty can be a burden.  Take the time years ago when he was deputy sheriff in Park County.  He had arrested some guy on a domestic abuse charge and was in court as the jury was being selected. 

"They asked if I could be impartial," recalls Barb Pilcher.  "I kinda said, 'Well, I know Freddy a long time.  If he said the guy did it, he probably did.'  They almost couldn't get a jury; just about everybody knew Fred and they all figured he was telling the truth." 

Of course, everybody in Bailey knew Fred.  How could they not?  Didn't he move up from Denver with his mom, stepdad and a passel of siblings, half-siblings and stepsiblings in 1970, when he was 8? 

Back then, pretty much everybody knew everybody in Bailey.  Especially Freddy.  He was all boy; did all the things a boy should, especially fish.  Loved fishing so much he would pay his sister to do his chores so he could head off with his pole. 

If he wasn't fishing, he might be down at the Bailey Country Store, eyeing Mr. Mason's penny candy.  Or going to Boy Scout meetings at the old firehouse. 

By the time he reached high school he was 6-2 and 150 pounds.  Barely cast a shadow, but he was a good enough athlete to letter in football and basketball. 

When he wasn't playing ball, he was serving as class vice president.  When he wasn't doing that, he was volunteering as a cadet for the sheriff's office, getting a taste of law enforcement.  Liking it. 

Scarcely a month after graduation, he joined the Air Force.  Figured the service was a good way to get law enforcement training.  He spent six years with the security police, most of them in Alaska, including a stint at Shemya, a secure island base a scant 200 miles from Russia. 

When he mustered out of the service in 1987 he didn't need a compass to know which direction to head.  He came home to Park County and became a deputy sheriff. 

He hadn't been deputy very long when he went on a blind date.  They ate at Bennigan's, saw The Witches of Eastwick and that was that.  Within six months he and June were married.  Dani, their daughter, came along pretty quick.  Ben followed a few years later. 

Deputy Wegener did well.  Learned to think on his feet.  Like the time some guy belted his girlfriend and then ran off toward the river.  Instead of chasing him in the dark, Wegener growled into his bullhorn, "If you don't come out, we're gonna release the dogs!"  So what if there were no dogs?  So what if it was Wegener barking into the bullhorn?  Guy came out of the woods with his hands up.  Good cops improvise. 

He served eight years as a Park County deputy.  Almost ran for the top spot in 1994, but thought better.  Then, in November 1995, he left - "differences in philosophy" with the incumbent sheriff.  He wound up as a jail detention officer with Aurora. 

Being cooped up inside in a jail was about as agreeable to him as coffee.  He hated coffee. (Give him Gatorade or a Coke.)  Even worse, he and the missus and the kids had moved to the suburbs and "I just hated living there."  Not enough Bailey. 

He stuck it out in Aurora for a year and a half, but he "needed to be back on the road."  Hired on with the Idaho Springs police in April 1997.  Thanks to a "small community" and a "wonderful chief," Idaho Springs was a "real good fit for me." 

He loved the job, moving from police officer to detective.  Even better, he moved back near Bailey, back to the modest house he and June owned.  The house that sat as close to the river as you can get, where "There's no other noise in the world except the water going by." 

In 1998, some folks asked him to run for Park County sheriff.  Hmmm. 

He won by 199 paltry votes, maybe a bit of a surprise considering everybody knew him.  Maybe they didn't think he was ready.  He was only 36 and looked even younger, what with that flattop haircut - more scalp than hair on the sides - and whispery mustache. 

But he was ready all right.  Whether it was a $3 million marijuana bust in 2000, a triple homicide in Guffey in 2001, the Snaking Fire in 2002 - or folks trapped in their bathroom by a mountain lion, Wegener made sure he and his deputies kept the peace.  People noticed.  He was re- elected with 77 percent of the vote. 

In the meantime, Park County was growing - an influx of citified people, "folks complaining about barking dogs, which we never used to hear much about."  People of a different mind that the ones Wegener had grown up with, the ones who preferred the "small-town leave-us- alone pace." 

To accommodate both, the sheriff stayed current.  Took law enforcement executive development seminars at colleges, attended the FBI training academy in Maryland.  He wrestled with budget constraints brought about by the TABOR Amendment and worried that he only had 19 deputies to patrol 2,200 square miles of county. 

But he tried to keep things personal, like stopping in for breakfast at a local cafe and going in the kitchen to say hi.  He was pleased that folks asked his department to do "vacation checks" on their homes when they left town.  He had always liked "that feeling of helping out." 

Above all, he learned it was important "to check your ego at the door," to not be "badge heavy."  He learned the trick to being a good sheriff is "You want to arrest somebody like you were arresting your own brother.  Because in a small town, the person you arrest on Saturday just might be sitting next to you in church on Sunday morning." 

Above all, as a sheriff, you had to be "willing to help people." 

He loved his job enough to run for a third term.  Sure, it hurt that the backers of one of his opponents were accusing him of fiscal irresponsibility and dishonesty.  Sure, it bothered him that a Libertarian candidate was dissing drug busts and drunken driving arrests as pointless and intrusive.  Sure, it irked him that the guy he had beaten in 2002 was running again.  Still, life was good. 

And then it wasn't. 

Holding onto an angel 

After the call came through about an armed intruder in the high school, Wegener remembers it took about three minutes for him to go "sailing" across 6 1/2 miles, his tires "probably not touching the pavement."  He remembers briefly thinking that Ben was in the building, but putting that thought aside because "there were a lot of other students who needed to be evacuated."  He remembers "the look on the faces of the kids as I opened the doors to get them out."  He remembers the "sense of urgency," the "surreal feeling."  He remembers "a lot." 

He remembers being at the command post on the football field, getting reports from Hancock, hearing the word "assault."  He remembers thinking, "What would I do if it was my daughter?"  He remembers wondering if the gunman had explosives.  What did he mean something would happen by 4 p.m.?  He remembers thinking, "This guy had a plan." 

And once he made the decision, he remembers it felt like it took "four hours" before the assault was launched.  Actually, it was the longest 15 minutes of his life. 

After the shooting, as he was gearing up to face the media, he called June.  Hearing the emotion rending his voice, she told him, "You need to find someone else to do this." 

"Nope, I'll be OK," he said.  He knew he had to be the one because, "When people elect a sheriff, they put their trust and faith in him.  I knew it would be better hearing what happened from my mouth." 

He didn't know exactly what he was going to say, but he knew that, "You have to be straightforward and truthful.  Otherwise it'll come back and bite you in the rear." 

He also knew that, "You can't pussyfoot around.   If you got something to say, say it.  And if you have something to hide, than you probably shouldn't be in front of the cameras anyway because you'll come off like you got something to hide." 

When he finally got home, his wife was worried.  Whenever he experienced a trying day, his usual therapy was talking to June and playing some cribbage.  He did neither that night.  Nor the next. 

For the first month, Wegener averaged three hours of sleep, vainly hoping the nightmares would stop.  It helped that the Keyes family backed his decision.  It helped that one of his opponents, Rob Raskiewicz, extolled Wegener's performance ("I've seen a side of you that I never imagined could exist," he wrote in a letter to the local paper) and withdrew from the sheriff's race.  It helped that most of the tsunami of mail and e-mail was positive. 

It didn't help that some was not. 

Two in particular stung.  One said, "How can you cash your paycheck knowing you were so cowardly to not go in soon enough?"  The other read, "I would rather have had a raped daughter than a dead one." 

Wegener looks up as he speaks, not pussyfooting around the hurt. 

In the end, the people of Park County provided the best medicine.  Wegener was elected with 84 percent of the vote. 

But Wegener isn't talking about the election now.   He is talking about meeting the president of the United States in October at a school safety conference in Washington. ("Holy smokes, talk about being out of your element.")   He is talking about his mother, who died in 1995.  He is talking about his kids.  He is talking about fishing.  He likes to talk.  He likes people. 

Then he reaches into his pocket and pulls out the little silver angel he always keeps with him.  The one that is engraved Emily. 

"I'll never forget the decision that was made," he says in a soft voice.  "I'll have to live with the fact that Emily died as a result of my decision and that will stay with me forever. 

"Closure?  We'll never have complete closure.  I know that." 

Has the shooting changed him? 

He says he always carries a gun with him now and takes nothing for granted.  He says a lot of days he wakes up and "I feel like I'm stuck in September."  He says it took a long time for him to drive by the high school and "not feel compelled to stop."  Even now, there are some mornings when he can't help but drive by the school parking lot to make sure his truck - the one Ben uses - is there.   Some days he drives in the lot and sits in his car for a while.  Doesn't know why.  Just does. 

"Changes in him?  I think it has made him closer to his family," says his wife.  "But there's nothing that you would really be able to notice." 

Wegener isn't sure. 

"It's still too fresh for me to know how it's going to change me," he says.  He pauses and lets a little jet of air escape his lips.  "I do know that I sure feel older." 

There is a tattoo on each of the biceps of the sheriff of Park County, souvenirs from his Air Force days.  On the right arm is a sword going through a heart, with the message, "Death Before Dishonor."  On the left, a sword, skull and cobra are the backdrop for "Sworn to Fun, Loyal to One."  Maybe a man can have too much free time in Alaska. 

The tats are covered up by the short-sleeve sport shirt Wegener is wearing today.  As a volunteer at the high school, he's not in uniform; he's just a parent, opening locked doors for students, eagerly sampling cookies being handed out by students on the cusp of Christmas vacation, enthusing to a stranger, "Have you ever seen our new cafeteria?  I'm really proud of that." 

Students, sheriff interact 

Meanwhile, students amble up to the sheriff.  One shows him a math problem he's working on.  Another displays a cool new T-shirt.  A third, Daniel Day, shows him the book he's reading, The Natural. 

"Oh, didn't they make that into a movie with, uh, what's his name - Robert Redford!" says the sheriff. 

As Wegener goes to open one of the locked doors for a student, Day, 15, says, "Fred is one of the most trustworthy guys I've ever known." 

John Carpenter , another student, would agree. 

"He wants me to run for president," laughs Wegener. 

Well? 

"Not interested," he laughs. 

How about, say, governor? 

Wegener smiles and says, "Noooooo.  You can say for certain that Fred Wegener has reached his aspirations for political office." 

Furthermore, he insists, this term will be his last at sheriff, even if his wife isn't 100 percent sure. 

"Let's not throw away those 'Wegener for Sheriff' signs yet," she laughs. 

As far as the future goes, he's thinking about maybe something to do with the Safe Schools programs on a state or national level.  He's also thinking about working for Immigration and Customs Enforcement , although, "I might be too old." 

What he really dreams about, however, is packing up and heading to Florida's Gulf Coast, where it's always warm and the fishing is perpetual.  On a recent vacation in Florida, "I saw my future when I saw a guy going by in a boat.  It said 'Marine Patrol' on it and I thought, 'That job's got my name all over it.' " 

Maybe.  But maybe not. It might be harder than he thinks to walk away from law enforcement.  Because, funny thing, Fred Wegener's been so busy pursuing his dream he might not be aware he's achieved it.  He might not realize it but, holy smokes, the kid from Bailey who wanted to be the best cop in the country just might be. 

Park County 

• Square miles: 2,201 

• Persons per square mile: 6.6 

• Whites (2004): 96.6 percent 

• Blacks (2004): 0.6 percent 

• Hispanics (2004): 5.4 percent 

• Per capita income, 1999: $25,019 

• Median household income: $52,110 

Population 

• 1970: 3,300 

• 1980: 5,333 

• 1990: 7,171 

• 2000: 14,523 

• 2005: 16,949Source: U.S. Census Bureau 

meadowj@RockyMountainNews.com or 303-954-2606 

..
..
12/15/2006 12:04:00 PM 	  	
 	
Colorado Bureau of Investigation Division Director Steve Johnson was one of many CBI officials honored at the Park County Sheriff's Office ceremony on Dec. 11 at the Farmers Union building in Bailey. Johnson said at least a couple of dozen CBI employees from all four offices – in Durango, Montrose, Pueblo and Denver – were involved in the CBI response to the Sept. 27 Platte Canyon High School shootings. (Photo by Tom Locke/The Flume) 	

Park County Sheriff's Office honors responders to Sept. 27 tragedy

by Debra Orecchio - Correspondent

The Park County Flume newspaper

In a moving tribute to those involved in responding to the tragic events at Platte Canyon High School on Sept. 27, Park County Sheriff Fred Wegener recognized the contributions of 142 men and women. 

Over 300 people attended the invitation-only event held Dec. 11 at the Farmers Union in Bailey.

The ceremony began with the mournful notes of a lone bagpiper as the flags were presented by the Park County Sheriff's Color Guard. 

Sherry Muldoon performed an a cappella rendition of the national anthem.

The Color Guard then presented flowers to John-Michael Keyes and Ellen Stoddard-Keyes, parents of Emily Keyes, who was slain by a gunman who took seven female hostages at the school on Sept. 27. 

In his opening statements, Wegener thanked everyone in the community who has worked tirelessly to keep the community close. He said he will be forever grateful for the immediate response of all those involved.

"You will all be in my hearts forever," he said.

To the Keyes family, Wegener said, "Your strength has kept me going."

Wegener also thanked the media for the courtesy and respect they showed during the tragic events of September. 

Bryan Krause, principal at Platte Canyon High School, extended thanks to everyone on behalf of the school district. He appreciated the honesty and integrity of the officers during the entire event and afterward.

He also said he wanted to commend the Park County Sheriff's officers for the speed of their response - which he said did save lives - as well as their professionalism and the tough decisions that Wegener had to make that day. 

"We will continue to work closely with the Park County Sheriff's Office," said Krause. "And we know it will be positive in the future."

Undersheriff Monte Gore said the event was so overwhelming and there was so much assistance from so many different agencies. Both Wegener and Gore felt they might be leaving some people out in their recognition, but they wanted everyone to know how much they appreciated what they all have done. 

"In a small community, when tragedy strikes, we get help from everybody," said Gore.

Platte Canyon Fire, Elk Creek Fire, Platte Canyon Rescue, and Clear Creek SWAT were all presented with Meritorious Awards for their role on Sept. 27. A Meritorious Award is given to individuals for their extraordinary performance above and beyond the call of duty. 

A Sheriff's Commendation Award recognizes selfless conduct during a time of crisis or emergency. Gore added that they were honoring those whose outstanding and heroic acts were worthy of recognition.

Wegener honored several Park County agencies with that award, including the emergency manager and dispatch, support services, victim services, the Fairplay Police Department, district attorneys, the county attorney, county coronor, county commissioners, homeland security, and the Executive Director of Public Safety. Other agencies outside of Park County were also recognized with that award, including state communications, state victim's advocate, the Colorado State Patrol, the Colorado Division of Wildlife, the Colorado Bureau of Investigation, and the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives. 

Cate Malek, staff writer for The Flume, was also honored with a Sheriff's Commendation Award for her assistance to John-Michael Keyes, who was waiting anxiously outside the school that day. She helped him send a text message to his daughter that enabled him to receive one last communication of love from her. (See Malek's story in the Oct. 6 Flume. ) 

Members of the Jefferson County Sheriff's Office, the regional SWAT team and many other responders were recognized by both sheriffs' offices in a ceremony at D'Evelyn High School Nov. 20. 

At the end of the ceremony, Wegener requested a moment of silence to remember Colorado Springs Officer Ken Jordan, who was killed last week in the line of duty. 

After the Dec. 11 ceremony, Colorado Bureau of Investigation Division Director Steve Johnson told The Flume that at least a couple of dozen CBI employees from all four offices - Durango, Montrose, Pueblo and Denver - had been involved in the response on Sept. 27. 

The results of the CBI investigation into the Sept. 27 events are expected to be delivered to the Park County Sheriff's Office and District Attorney Molly Chilson around the first of the year, he said. 

According to Undersheriff Gore, the release of the repport to the media is likely to occur within a week or two after Chilson gets the report.

..
..

President Bush Participates; Panel on School Safety 
National 4-H Conference Center
Chevy Chase, Maryland 


http://www.whitehouse.gov/news/releases/2006/10/20061010-8.html 

      Fact Sheet: Conference on School Safety 
      Conference on School Safety 
      In Focus: Education 

NOTE-DFM;  There is a multimedia presentation too.   Go to the website.

10 Oct 2006;  1:24 P.M. EDT 

THE PRESIDENT: Thank you very much. (Applause.) Thank you all for coming. In many ways, I'm sorry we're having this meeting. In other ways, I know how important it is that we're having this meeting. The violence that has been occurring in our schools is incredibly sad and it troubles a lot of folks. And it troubled me and Laura. And so I asked Margaret and Al to host a gathering of concerned citizens, the purpose of which is to come up with best practices and just shared experiences so that others might know how to react to prevent and react to inexplicable and -- violence that is hard to imagine. 

All of us in this country want our classrooms to be gentle places of learning, places where people not only learn the basics -- basic skills necessary to become productive citizens, but learn to relate to one another. And our parents I know want to be able send their child or children to schools that are safe places. And the violence we've seen is upsetting to a lot of people and I know it's upsetting to the professionals who are with us. But rather than be upset, it's best for all of us who are responsible for helping the folks not only cope, but to prevent action from taking place, it's best to be proactive. And that's what this meeting is. 

And so I want to thank you all for joining. I got a firsthand report on one of the panels from Laura, who said that -- I think if I could summarize your words, it was like really interesting and very important. And so I thought what I would do is ask Al and Margaret to begin this session and maybe hear from some of the folks here, and then, if time permitting, hear from you all out in the audience. 

Again, I want to thank Margaret and Al for setting this up, and really thank you all for coming and taking an interest. I know we got people from all around the country, and it's -- this is a nationwide effort to help people who are responsible protect our children. 

ATTORNEY GENERAL GONZALES: Mr. President, thank you for asking Margaret and I to host this important conference. We've had some good panel discussions, as you've already heard already. You've met some of the panelists we've invited back. And just for our audience, again, we've asked Dr. Marleen Wong, Craig Scott, Fred Ellis, and Sheriff Jeff Dawsy to help us speak with the President about this important issue. 

Mr. President, I'm going to talk a bit about the panel that I moderated which dealt with the scope of the problem from the law enforcement perspective. 

Margaret is going to talk to you a little bit about the two other panels that we've heard from today -- one dealing with responding to the tragedy, prepared for the tragedy at the parent level and the school level. And the other is how do communities heal, how do they recover from these kinds of tragedies. 

With respect to the first panel, the good news we heard was that, generally, America's schools are safe places to be. Your kids are much more likely to be safer in school than they are at the mall. And that's the good news. We are, however, are seeing some indications in the last two years that those trends are changing. And so that's something that we want to watch very carefully, monitor that and see what can be done to reverse it, if, in fact, that is a trend that we need to be worried on. 

We also learned that the U.S. Secret Service and other federal agencies are doing a lot of good work already in dealing with this issue. The Secret Service, in particular, has been working on a threat assessment guide that they make available. And there is someone in the audience that I would like to have come to the microphone. He is Police Chief Art Kelly from New Bedford, Massachusetts, and he wants to relay to you an example where he relied upon the information by the Secret Service in an actual case. 

THE PRESIDENT: I like the Secret Service, too, Art. (Laughter and applause.) 

* * * * * 

THE PRESIDENT: Let me ask you a question, Al -- not you, Chief, but -- well, I can ask you, too. I presume out of this there will be a series of best practices that you will share with principals and schools districts that explain, for example, what people could look for to determine whether or not there's an early warning sign, and then how to respond. 

ATTORNEY GENERAL GONZALES: Exactly. 

THE PRESIDENT: Okay, good. Thanks, Chief. 

ATTORNEY GENERAL GONZALES: Mr. President, we also heard from Tom Kube, of the Council of Educational Facility Planners, who talked to us about school design, and that the way we design our schools can be helpful in protecting our children. 

We had an interesting discussion about metal detectors. Some of the panel members -- they don't believe it's an effective tool preventing violence; one in five school shootings occur outside the school building, so they couldn't help in any event. Our students, as we know, are very smart and resourceful and they figure out a way to avoid metal detectors. Also one panel member said that it sends the wrong message about what we think of our kids when we have them come to an environment where they're supposed to learn and have to pass through metal detectors. So I found that to be very, very interesting. 

THE PRESIDENT: I happen to agree, but what I do know? (Laughter.) 

ATTORNEY GENERAL GONZALES: Yes, sir. We also then spent a lot of time talking about information sharing. This is very, very important, in terms of gathering up information and being able to share it with not just parents, but administrators, events happening at home. And I'd like Sheriff Dawsy to talk a little bit about this point. 

* * * * * 

THE PRESIDENT: Is there an opportunity to share between sheriffs around the country how they're dealing with this issue? Does it make sense to have the National Sheriff's Association contact -- ask for stories, practices, and then condense them and send them back out so that people can -- who probably aren't listening to this will be able to -- 

SHERIFF DAWSY: I think it would be a wonderful initiative. One of the things I learned today was not more about questions, but more of solutions. There was many different speakers that came up and told us about different resources to use. 

THE PRESIDENT: Yes, that's my point. 

ATTORNEY GENERAL GONZALES: Mr. President, I think that Sheriff Dawsy would say that this program helps him to do his job, which means that I'm sure all the sheriffs around the country would like that kind of program, as well, to help them do their job. 

THE PRESIDENT: That's my point. Yes, so who is responsible for talking to the head of the Sheriff's Association or the police chiefs to make sure that happens? 

AUDIENCE MEMBER: I'm right here, sir, and it will be done. 

THE PRESIDENT: Thank you, sir. Very good. 

ATTORNEY GENERAL GONZALES: Sir, one final point I would just like to emphasize, and that is, there are many schools that have plans in terms of how to deal with a threat or an incident that occurs, but the plans are worthless if people don't know about them, if they're not dusted off, if people don't practice them. And as the Secretary indicated earlier this morning, there's a lot of turnover that occurs in the school between the faculty, the administration, between students and families. And it's very, very important for schools to understand what the plans are and to practice those plans. It made a big difference two weeks ago in terms of the shooting in Bailey, Colorado, where they were able to respond in a very effective manner to that tragedy. And so that's a very important thing that needs to be emphasized over and over again. 

There were many other points that we discussed, Mr. President, and I think we made some good progress in this area. 

THE PRESIDENT: Thank you, Al. 

SECRETARY SPELLINGS: Thank you, Mr. President. That's a good place to begin on panel number two -- we call this in education a teachable moment, because we have plans, lots of work has been done post-9/11, post-Katrina and other incidents, but if parents, teachers and faculty are not aware of what's been done, then they're worthless. And so on panel two we talked a lot about readiness. We talked about how to create a school culture that was supportive and nurturing, that when young people have connections with adults, caring adults, how important that is; how there are signs to watch for; that a lack of academic success and other things like the Sheriff talked about are clues, that are ways that we might intervene. 

We also talked about the need for constant communication and coordination between school personnel and law enforcement. We talked about how every community is unique and individualized, that those are decisions and discussions that have to happen at the local level. So we also figured out ways or talked about ways to continue to develop those relationships and strategies around those sorts of things. 

Fred Ellis, who is the head of school safety in Fairfax County, my school district, and is also a member of my commission that's part of the No Child Left Behind Act, the Commission on Safe and Drug-Free Schools -- Fred serves on that. We'll be meeting in the next few weeks and giving them some new charges that came out of our meeting today. But I'd like Fred to speak about some of the things that he's experienced. 

Fairfax County is considered to be one of the national models, national leaders in this area. So, Fred, thank you for your work. 

* * * * * 

THE PRESIDENT: Did you say 81 percent of the students were aware of a violent act? 

MR. ELLIS: Some of the data that I had heard today from the Secret Service and some of their research, that much information was out there. 

THE PRESIDENT: It seems like a pretty good opportunity to prevent an attack if 81 percent of the -- there's an 81 percent awareness of a potential attack, which then I guess would lead to making sure principals explain to students, when you hear something, please tell me. 

MR. ELLIS: Yes, sir. I think that's part of the point, is that there needs to be a culture, a climate in a school where students and faculty and staff and visitors feel comfortable with reporting stuff. Particularly at the student level, because we know that they do talk about it, but they have to have -- they have to feel comfortable that, one, they know where to go to report this information, and that there's going to be a useful and successful outcome and intervention to prevent some violence. 

SECRETARY SPELLINGS: We also heard from a gentleman named Jim Moore, who founded a program called Project Watch D.O.G.S., which is basically dads coming into schools and being role models, modeling good behavior and being a presence. Another way that we can kind of be alert for behavioral patterns and the like is to make sure that we have as many grown-ups in schools as we possible can. 

So, Jim, thank you for your work. He's from Arkansas -- actually, he's from La Mesa. 

Anyway, in panel three we talked about recovery and healing, and how it takes time. And we learned from our professionals, like Marleen Wong, who I've had the opportunity to get to know as she helped us and helped communities on the Gulf Coast deal with the aftermath of Hurricane Katrina. She's been an asset to the Department of Education in our work for a very long time. And she's from Los Angeles, works at the LA Unified School District. 

We know also that these sorts of incidents can occur in inner-city America and Amish communities, private schools, public schools -- really every single community has to be alert. So, Marleen, why don't you talk a little bit about your work in Los Angeles. 

* * * * * 

THE PRESIDENT: Is it typical of a student that expresses a wish to die, makes that clear to his or her peers and to -- if people are attuned to what that means, to pay attention to somebody who exhibits the behavior that says, I am depressed and I want to die? I mean, is it -- it's a pretty strong statement. 

DR. WONG: It's a wonderful question, because there are -- there are behaviors and there are expressions of hopelessness that come before that. And so I think we have to do a lot of education with just folks who say, you know, they've changed, they don't have joy in life, and that this is an early warning sign. 

THE PRESIDENT: But is it easy to define the behavior that would tip off an adult in a school, or some -- a coach or an art teacher that this is the kind of behavior that ought to say to us, we better pay attention to this person, this child? 

DR. WONG: Yes. There's a short list, and actually, the student who sat on the previous panel did an excellent job of naming all of those things. I was so proud of her. I thought she ought to come and do some training with our -- 

THE PRESIDENT: And how many educators do you think that can name -- good job, by the way -- how many adults do you think around the schools in America can name the traits that would say, we better pay attention to this person? 

DR. WONG: Not enough. 

THE PRESIDENT: And therefore, what can we do to make sure that people understand what to look for? It seems like to me that a lot of our focus ought to be on preventing. And no question, we ought to worry about recovering, but preventing is -- makes the recovering not necessary. 

SECRETARY SPELLINGS: Chiarasay, you did such a nice job this morning, why don't you go to the microphone real quick and tell us the nine signs -- (applause.) 

THE PRESIDENT: Where are you from Chiarasay? 

MS. PERKINS: Mr. President, I'm from Walton County, Florida. 

THE PRESIDENT: Good. I know your Governor. (Laughter.) 

MS. PERKINS: Some of the traits that are noticeable are changes in everyday habits. If you know friends -- stuff like playing sports, he won't play sports; grade averages dropping; they start acting different they start eating different, dressing different, carrying themselves in a different manner as you would normally know them -- are just some of the small things that you as a friend or as a teacher or parent could notice that will bring upon a change in the case if they are depressed, or feeling as thought they want to commit suicide, or hurt somebody or themselves. 

THE PRESIDENT: That's great. Thank you. 

DR. WONG: Thank you. (Applause.) 

THE PRESIDENT: Let me ask you a question. From your experience, Marleen, if a teacher were to notice those traits, is it typical that someone would act on them? In other words, I'm just trying to make sure I understand. If a student sees -- I mean, a teacher sees a student begin to change clothes and begin to -- does a principal and a teacher tend to say, well, that's really not my business, it's the parents' business? In other words, awareness requires, by the way, some kind of response. 

DR. WONG: And I think that varies around the country. 

THE PRESIDENT: Yes, I'm sure it does. 

DR. WONG: I think that more and more people are beginning to pay attention just because we have paid such a dear price for ignoring some of the warning signs. 

THE PRESIDENT: So maybe an outcome for this is to encourage -- for you to get in touch with the principals organizations or the teachers organizations and help -- 

SECRETARY SPELLINGS: And be aware of the warning signs. 

THE PRESIDENT: And then -- I guess there's a certain confidence that has to come with interfering -- not interfering, but interceding in a child's life. My only question is, is there hesitancy when an adult says, well, maybe this is just the way it's supposed to be, or maybe it's none of my business. And the question is if that's the case -- if you can determine that's the case, how do you get people to respond differently? 

SECRETARY SPELLINGS: Cathy Paine, from Oregon, told us about -- where they had an incident there, that there were dozens of signs of this particular shooter, and that the full picture didn't become clear until after the incident. 

THE PRESIDENT: Can you -- do you mind sharing that? Thanks, Cathy. 

MS. PAINE: Thank you, Mr. President. I was a school psychologist in Springfield, Oregon when the shooting happened there in 1998. And the point I was making was that for our shooter, yes, there were things that individuals knew about him; his parents knew some things, teachers saw a few things, but at no time was there a way for all of those people, in a sense, to get together and share that entire picture. So 20-20 hindsight has been very good, and we've been able to say, ah-hah and see how all that fit together. 

But because of -- whether it's lack of resources or lack of knowledge, we didn't have a mechanism for that to happen. We're trying to do a better job with that now, in forming what we call care teams in our schools where teachers regularly do get together and share concerns about students, and then we try to connect them with our mental health services in the community. 

THE PRESIDENT: The whole purpose of this exercise is to help educate and, if there needs to be cultural change inside schools, for teachers to become more aware and more active -- or principals -- is to try to stimulate these kinds of discussions, obviously, outside of Washington, at the local level or state levels, in the hopes of preventing these from happening in the first place. 

Thank you for coming to share your experience and appreciate you're sharing your expertise. 

SECRETARY SPELLINGS: One of the people who's been doing that in a very meaningful way is Craig Scott, who has talked all over the country to teenagers and teachers and educators and school leaders. And he has a very powerful story, as you know. His sister, Rachel, was murdered in Columbine. 

So, Craig, why don't you share your thoughts. 

MR. SCOTT: Well, just to give a little background, I was in the school library during the shooting. I had 10 classmates that were killed around me. I lost two friends underneath a table, and then later that same day learned that my sister, Rachel Joy Scott, was the first one that was killed. And really I've been just now traveling over the last seven years just sharing a simple story of compassion. And it's had a huge impact on the school culture. Kids really have looked to her as a role model. She's been a hero to a lot of kids. 

And last night I just was looking back over the last seven years and I was in my hotel room and I just journaled, and I wanted to express real quick over the next couple minutes, just read to you what I wrote in my journal that expresses my feelings best. 

I said: Once upon a time, our goal of education in our country was, first and foremost, character. Academic achievement is now the main goal. I knew two students at Columbine that achieved the goal of knowledge. Eric Harris and Dylan Kleibold were very smart. They planned the shooting for a year and predicted the events that would unfold afterwards. The problem wasn't their education at my school, Columbine. Their problem was their character. 

I've grown up in a culture today that doesn't teach me anything of substance, of value, how it bombards me every day with messages of emptiness and shallowness. And the youth are crying for something to stand for, something to believe in. If it weren't for my faith or my family, I possibly could have fallen into the lies that our culture tells us. But now I've traveled, I've spoken to over a million teens across this country. I've not always seen -- I've not always liked what I've seen in the schools. I've seen depression, anger and loneliness, students without direction or purpose. I've seen students who called themselves cutters, have cut themselves because that's the way they know to take out the pain that they're dealing with. I've learned a lot about my generation. And I've learned a lot since I lost my friends and my sister. And the main thing I've learned is that kindness and compassion can be the biggest antidotes to anger and hatred, and I believe the biggest antidotes to violence. 

With the program my father started called, Rachel's Challenge, a program my mom speaks for called, Life Choices, we've seen bullying stopped, suicides aborted. We have 10 incidents where a student came up with hit lists or plans to shoot up his or her -- his school, all male -- and told either the speaker or told the teacher about their plans, but had a change of heart. As a side-effect, we've seen -- and our statistics have shown and the more our program -- has been a rise in school attendance and an increase in academic achievement. 

How have we done it? We've done it with a simple story of a young girl who believed in compassion and was killed for her faith. That was the story of Rachel Joy Scott. But my sister is not the only one who believes in kindness, and she's not been the only one in her brave stance against the injustice willing to stand up for the one who gets put down in school, to sit by the student that sits all alone at lunch, and to talk to or reach out to the one who is consistently ignored or made fun of. She literally has inspired millions of people to continue the chain reaction she started. A lot of those are students across the country. 

I've read Eric Harris and Dylan Kleibold's journals that were recently released, and basically Eric wrote in one of his journals, "If only you were nicer to me, maybe this wouldn't have happened." 

I don't know who else is tired of band-aid answers, but I know band-aids aren't going to save kids from dying. I give every student out there a challenge my sister put down on paper a month before she died when she wrote for her class -- she said, "I have this theory that if one person can go out of their way to show compassion, it will start a chain reaction of the same. People will never know how far a little kindness can go." 

I challenge every teacher, principal and superintendent and educator here today to take a look at teaching that doesn't just teach the head, but teaches the heart. The students today that I've met are looking for truth. You can help point them to what's right and what's wrong. Truth is not all relative, despite what our culture or pop culture tells us. 

To parents in the room today, please love your kids like my parents love me, like my parents loved Rachel. To the media and entertainment industry, I would give the challenge to take responsibility, own up to the product -- (applause) -- own up to the product that you create and the effect that it has on its audience, that two shooters were very much impacted and influenced by violence through the media and dwelled on violent video games, violent movies, music, and things they saw through the Internet, and is a common theme with a lot of these shooters that they've chosen very negative influences in their life. I believe there needs to be the positive influences that are highlighted on our television and through our media. 

You're a powerful institution affecting my generation every day. Please think about, when releasing your next movie, your next song, your next game, your next headline story. I myself am a film maker, and I want to create movies that inspire, build people up with stories of ennobling characters. 

To the lawmakers and politicians who want to slap those band-aids on deep, gaping wounds, I'm simply going to repeat a poem that my dad read to the House Judiciary of Congress several months after the Columbine shooting where he said: 

"Your laws ignore our deepest needs 

Your words are empty air. 

You've stripped away our heritage 

You've outlawed simple prayer. 

Now gunshots fill our classrooms 

and precious children die. 

You seek for answers everywhere 

and ask the question why. 

You regulate restrictive law 

through legislative creed, 

and yet you failed to understand 

that God is what we need." 

I'm not promoting that religion be brought back to schools. I don't believe that's the answer. But I do believe in education that touches and teaches the heart and helps form the character. And I believe if that can be implemented in the education on a daily basis, we'll see a change. I'm not out to change the world, just to change one person, one teen at a time. And I've finished with, just please take my words to heart today. They were bought at a high price. (Applause.) 

THE PRESIDENT: Good job. (Applause.) Whew. (Applause.) Which one of us up here can now talk after that? Thank you. Yes, that's great. You are changing our society. You may not realize it, but thank you -- powerful statement. 

I'd be glad to hear from people in the audience. (Laughter.) Yes, I probably won't be able to hear from all of you in the audience. 

That was great, Craig. Thank you. Could I have that? 

MR. SCOTT: Oh, absolutely. 

THE PRESIDENT: Thank you. Yes, sir. 

Q Mr. President, I haven't had this feeling since I was 17 and that's the last time that I asked you a question in Herbert, Texas. I've spoken to hundreds of thousands of people since. Last time I was nervous was when I was 17 in Herbert, Texas, and you were campaigning in Herbert, Texas. 

THE PRESIDENT: Don't tell them I came in second place in a two-man race. (Laughter.) 

Q My name is Pete Vargas. I'm the national director for Rachel's Challenge, the program -- 

THE PRESIDENT: Oh, fantastic, Pete. 

Q -- that Craig just talked about. And I want to echo something that's very dear to my heart and Darrel, his father who is sitting right here. 

THE PRESIDENT: Your dad is there? Where is your dad? Excuse me. Okay, thank you. Raised a good man here. 

Q I talk to thousands of educators every month, our team does, thousands. And one of the things that disturbs me is there's hundreds that say, Pete, you all have change the culture of our school, but then there's thousands that say, it's so hard for us to fit our -- we want your program so bad, but we have testing and testing and testing and this and that, and it made me think about something, President. It made me think about growing up -- I was going the wrong direction completely. I was stealing, I was doing everything possibly wrong -- vandalism, beating up kids. And in 7th grade there was a teacher, Mrs. Muldanado, who touched my heart. In 10th grade there was a lady that you know from Herbert, Texas, that touched my heart. And in ninth grade my tennis coach touched my heart, and those three people changed my life. And as we -- why I believe in what I'm doing so much is Darrel's motto is that if we touch the heart of the kid, the head will follow. If we touch their heart, the head will follow, and the hands will make the difference. 

My question to you today is, I don't want us to look at the warning signs; I want us to eliminate the warning signs. 

THE PRESIDENT: Right, right. 

Q What can we do -- what can we do, and this is echoing Darrel and what Craig just said -- what can we do from the government's standpoint to go back to touching the heart of the kid, to teaching character education? Because we hear that all the time about the testing. 

THE PRESIDENT: I agree. Pete, let me say -- first on the tests. Thanks for coming. It's good to see you again. I was probably more nervous than you were when you asked the question. (Laughter.) 

Q You look the same. (Laughter.) 

THE PRESIDENT: I like selected memory. (Laughter.) 

First, in terms of testing, I don't think it's zero sum. I think you can make sure a child learns and I think you can instill character at the same time. I don't think you have to choose. As a matter of fact, I know we can't say that one doesn't beget the other. I happen to believe that self-esteem comes when a child realizes he or she can read early at grade level. And I think one of the real problems -- I think one of the real problems we have, Pete, is a school system across the country that basically gives up on children because we don't measure to determine whether or not they have the skills necessary to read, for example. 

And so I'm concerned about a system that socially promotes children, because I think that at some point in time, that begins to affect a child's vision of the future, and a grim vision of the future may be that which triggers a response that is negative. 

Character education is -- I know we funded quite a bit of it when I was the governor of Texas. Let me put the funding issue right on the table. The federal government is a limited funder of education. And I happen to believe that's the way it should be. I don't think it's possible for the people to have expectations that the government should fund public schools. This is a local responsibility. It's been that way throughout our history. I think it makes sense to do so, because it tends to make control of our schools more localized, which I happen to think is the best way to achieve excellence. 

And so, therefore, not to try to pass responsibilities, although we do have character education grants out of Washington, and we've got school safety grants out of Washington, but the best place to facilitate that kind of initiative, to make sure that character is taught in schools, is at the state level. 

Secondly, it's really important, Pete, that people not think government is a loving entity. Government is law and justice. Love comes from the hearts of people that are able to impart love. And therefore, what Craig is doing is -- he doesn't realize it -- he's a social entrepreneur. He is inspiring others to continue to reach out to say to somebody who is lonely, I love you. And I'm afraid this requires a higher power than the federal government to cause somebody to love somebody. And therefore, it's a -- (applause) -- and therefore, one of the things we can do, though, is to call upon people -- we've got the USA Freedom Corps Initiative, for example, that calls on volunteers to take active participation in their communities. 

You know, Craig said something interesting. I believe societies change one heart at a time. I don't mean to mimic what you said, but I was actually praising what you said, because that's how it works. And the truth of the matter is, if we really think about it, the primary responsibility, the primary teacher of character is the parent. That is the front line of enabling our society to be a compassionate, decent place. You wouldn't be sitting here if your mother and father hadn't instilled in you a -- something inside your soul that caused you to sit here in front of the President of the United States and give an unbelievably eloquent testimony about compassion. 

And the second line of defense in schools is, obviously, teachers. And the hope is, is that out of this violence and terror comes this notion that teachers have got to be -- and by the way, the teachers have got an unbelievably hard job to not only teach, but to show concern and compassion. They've got their own lives to live, they've got their own families to raise many times, and now they've got to deal with yet another family situation, Pete. But yet, nevertheless, that is where the compassion -- you notice, you didn't say, I went to a program. You named three individuals that were heroic in your lives. And that's the way it works. 

Now, teaching character matters, no question about it, and there's some great curriculum to do it. But the truth of the matter is, all this need to say, I love you, comes from your soul. And so, hopefully, out of these tragedies will come the sense of communal obligation all throughout our country, for people to take an extra effort to comfort the lonely. That could be a student or a teacher -- Pete, in your case, a tennis coach. Still got a backhand? Anyway, thank you, buddy. It's good to see you again. 

Yes, ma'am. Oh, yes, sir. 

Q Up until yesterday, I was a Walt Disney imagineer for 16 years, but I have quit that activity to commit myself for the rest of my life to a character education program that my sister and her husband and I created 15 years ago, on a little island in the Pacific Northwest, called The Virtues Project. And it is exactly what I think many people are looking for, because it reaches the heart, it is a multi-faith, multi-cultural effort to simply teach five strategies that help people practice virtues in everyday life. 

What we've learned in 85 countries where this is applied is that values are culture specific; virtues are universal to every sacred tradition. So simply practicing virtues in the home, in the school, in the workplace makes a shift in the culture. 

And I am offering my love and my admiration for so many goodwilled people in this room for bringing this group of people together. It's so exciting. And we're simply here to support whatever is going on. 

THE PRESIDENT: Yes, thanks for doing what you're doing. See, this is a -- our country is blessed by the fact that we have people who stand up and say, I want to contribute, like you. Just retired yesterday? You don't look a day over 60. Anyway. (Laughter.) 

But, see, Craig, what you're doing and what this gentleman is doing will stimulate a lot of -- as you said, you've talked to a million kids, or a million people -- same with you, sir. I believe that there is no single answer, no single program. It's a mosaic of programs all stimulated because people have decided to do something about the problem. And it's really the uniqueness of the country. 

I like to remind our fellow citizens that de Tocqueville recognized this in 1832, the fact that voluntary organizations came together to help solve local problems. And it is -- in my judgment, it is this capacity of citizens to take action to solve problems that defines the true greatness of America. 

And, Pete, to answer your question about government, government's role, in many ways, is to stimulate and to encourage and to thank people who have taken it upon themselves to either start character education, or go into classrooms and to change society one person at a time. 

Yes, sir. 

Q Mr. President, my name is Marvin Nash. I represent the Bullying Hurts Program, and the NASH Foundation, which stands for "No Adolescent Should Hurt," from Cheyenne, Wyoming. I want to let you know that I will be traveling back to Nashville, Tennessee, where Storme Warren, with Great American Country, and Charlie Daniels will be helping me make PSAs to address this issue. Instead of talking about my program, I want to give my time up to this lady right here. She spent seven -- she spent her time with 17 students locked in a closet at Columbine, and she has a question for you. So we're not going to talk about me, we're going to talk about her. 

THE PRESIDENT: Thank you, buddy. Nice-looking hat. 

Q Mr. President, Madam Secretary of Education, Marleen, Craig, and everybody else, my name is Judy -- I'm just a regular person. I don't have a radio talk show. (Laughter.) And I don't -- I'm not in charge of a big major organization. I am a flight attendant for Frontier Airlines, and I'm shaking right now because I didn't think I was going to get up here. And I'm also a proud, retired teacher from Columbine High School. 

And I think everything I was going to say just kind of flew out of my mind. I'm also a professional volunteer. And I am not here to ask for money for any program. When I said, professional volunteer I don't mean I make money volunteering, but there are a whole group of just regular people like me out there. Even though I retired from Columbine, I have a daughter at Columbine right now who is a junior. I volunteer in the post-grad center there. I volunteer with the cheer squad, the football team, and it doesn't always take a lot of money to get things done. It's little people like me. I don't mean in size. I mean, it's little people like me who get there, little people like us. Like Grand Daddy Wong used to say, okay, one stick, you break it one at a time, but if we stick together, we can get it done. 

I'm just saying unless us volunteers -- I always have time to volunteer, and I know other people do, too, and it's what Craig was saying, it comes from the heart. President Bush, it's what you were saying. It's what our parents taught us, and it's what we need to teach our kids. It's that -- I hope I don't pronounce it wrong -- generativity, where we help to make the next generation better. So I'm sorry I forgot what my question was. (Laughter.) 

THE PRESIDENT: What matters is your testimony, not your question. Thank you. (Applause.) 

Last question, and I've got to go. He's also reminding me, actually I'm on a schedule here. I apologize. I'd like to sit here all day, listening, and I am inspired that so many came to talk about this subject. 

Yes, ma'am. 

Q Good afternoon, Mr. President, Madam Secretary. I'm a youth programs director in New York City for a nonprofit called Art of Living Foundation. And like a lot of these wonderful people here, we teach a program in human values and stress management for teenagers and how to handle their negative emotions, which they just don't learn I'm finding nowadays. And what I have students constantly asking me is, can't this be a class in our school? Can we learn human values and universal ethics that are found in every culture, but they're not being taught -- a lot of times not at home, they're not being taught. And they're definitely not always being taught in schools. There's some amazing public school teachers, but there's also some very stressed-out public school teachers. 

THE PRESIDENT: Absolutely. 

Q Can this be -- is there a way to have a class in public school where students learn stress management and the ability to deal with their own anger, frustration and violent tendencies, and also to learn human values and actually practice them? Can they receive credit for a class like this? This is what students are asking, and I have superintendents coming to me saying what can you do -- we'll give credit to students for doing this. Is there a way we can do that? 

SECRETARY SPELLINGS: Well, those are state curriculum issues, and lots of states have included character education or programs like that as part of their required curriculum, and give credit for it. But I would commend all those superintendents to their state board of education and put them to work. We had some of that in Texas and gave a lot of credit for peer mentoring and those sorts of things that are so supportive of kids. 

THE PRESIDENT: I am sorry for those of you standing in line. I know, I apologize. 

Q Time for one more? 

THE PRESIDENT: Okay, one final guy -- go ahead. (Laughter.) 

Q I wanted to explain why I had on a bright red jacket. 

THE PRESIDENT: Yes, that's why. (Laughter.) 

Q I appreciate it. 

THE PRESIDENT: Thank you for coming. 

Q My name is Michael H. Smith, and I'm the president for Family, Career and Community Leaders of America. We are an in-school, high school, and middle school organization focusing on the family. Our main mission is to promote family as the basic unit of society. 

And I'm happy I got to follow up after your question because we are -- family consumer sciences -- its curriculum in high schools and middle schools is teaching character education, that is teaching youth violence prevention. We're teaching career exploration. Because of our title, Family and Consumer Sciences and Family, Career and Community Leaders of America, we address every one of the issues that's been presented in the discussions and in this room. And we are willing and wanting to partner with every single person in here to help students get this message out to students. We're about peer-to-peer message sharing. We want each and every student in our organization, which reaches about a quarter of a million students, to be a lot broader than that. We want to touch every student in America through our programs and through our mission to promote family as the basic unit of society, and the values thereof. 

So I thank you, Mr. President, Mrs. Bush -- 

Q Why the red coat? (Laughter.) Just so you got called on? I mean, is there a -- (laughter.) 

Q I just wanted that. No, our colors in the organization are red and white. 

THE PRESIDENT: Fabulous. 

Q So all of the officers wear our red jackets. 

THE PRESIDENT: I, once again, apologize. I've got to get on an airplane. But I do want to thank you all for coming. I hope you have found this interesting. I am a results-oriented person, and I expect from Margaret and Al to make sure that out of all this effort comes some concrete action to help people understand what is possible, what is doable, the programs that are working. And the head of the Sheriff's Department readily sprung to his feet to say, you can count on me. 

The purpose has got to be more than just hoping somebody is listening to TV. The purpose has got to be, out of this that we share information so that we can save lives, encourage parents, and help people respond. 

And I want to thank you all very much for coming. I'm proud you're here. God bless you all. (Applause.) 

END 2:21 P.M. EDT   

..
From:	Kassees, Peggy
Sent:	Tuesday, December 26, 2006 2:48 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush; Hanley, Mary C. (Bunny)
Cc:	Wright, Laurie
Subject:	RE: Fred Wegener, Park County, Colorado -- elected Sheriff, chief law-enforcement officer

Laurie can send it to FWC.....(If you would, please, Laurie!)
 

Peggy E. Kassees 
Telephone Communications Supervisor 
Executive Office of the Governor/Citizens' Services 
The Capitol, Room 1901 
Tallahassee, Florida 32399 
850-488-4441/Fax: 850-487-0801 

-----Original Message-----
From: Governor Jeb Bush 
Sent: Tuesday, December 26, 2006 2:32 PM
To: Hanley, Mary C. (Bunny)
Cc: Kassees, Peggy
Subject: FW: Fred Wegener, Park County, Colorado -- elected Sheriff, chief law-enforcement officer


Bunny or Peggy,
 
I received this email after speaking with this gentleman..not quite sure what to do with it. Any suggestions? 
 
Thanks,
Alana
-----Original Message-----
From: Don McKee [mailto:mckeedon@gmail.com]
Sent: Tuesday, December 26, 2006 10:55 AM
To: Governor Jeb Bush
Cc: James B Meadow, Reporter, DRMN, Rocky Mountain News; John Temple, Editor; Vincent Carroll, Editor, Editorial pag; fwegener@parkco.us
Subject: Fred Wegener, Park County, Colorado -- elected Sheriff, chief law-enforcement officer


..
26 Dec 2006, telecon, Alena
Gov. Bush' Executive Office
850-488-7146
 
Dear Alena, 
 
Thank you for your kindness and gracious attention when I called you this morning.  "Sheriff Fred" is a local hero in Colorado.  When the Denver Rocky Mountain News published the piece (below) this morning, and Fred was quoted as expressing a fondest wish... to work for the FMP (Florida Marine Patrol), it seemed appropriate to bring this to the attention of your boss.  Also appended is a piece about the "School Safety" gathering hosted by the White House in October 2006.  
 
Florida would be fortunate indeed to have Fred Wegener aboard.
 
    Best regards,    Don McKee, Venice, FL (snowbird)    303-444-2222
..
..
Steve Groome, Park County Attorney
719-839-0040
..
Fred Wegener,  Park County, Colorado -- chief law-enforcement officer
P.O Box 1373 County Courthouse Fairplay, CO 80440-0000 
P.O. Box 460, Bailey, CO, 80421-0460
Phone: (719) 836-2771
Fax: (719) 836-4204
http://www.parkbull.com/politics/2006/fwegener06.html
 

You can contact me at:
719-836-4101 (Fairplay) / 303-838-4441 (Bailey - leave message)
Email: fwegener@parkco.us
..
 
 
Emily Keyes
 
 
 
   
Colorado, Park County Sheriff Fred Wegener
 
 
 

Darin McGregor © Rocky Mountain News 

Fishing decorations cover a wall of Sheriff Fred Wegener's office in Fairplay.  Various letters and commendations, including ones from the FBI and President Bush, also adorn the walls. 

 

Small-town sheriff shines; Fred Wegener


Park County's top lawman became known nationwide when gunman invaded Platte Canyon school


 

By James B. Meadow, Denver's Rocky Mountain News 
December 26, 2006

BAILEY - The morning sky is exploding into pink and the 7:17 a.m. bell for first period is jangling in the air as a parade of students swirls toward the big man with the easy, country-boy smile, totally uncool haircut and SIG-Sauer P220 pistol on his belt. 

"Mornin'. " 

"Hey, Fred." 

Once upon a time - has it really been a quarter of a century? - he was just like them.  Went to this very high school, a slouching, laughing, wisecracking student.  Going to class but probably thinking more about fishing for the brookies in Elk Creek… or necking in a car on the dirt roads where houses weren't even a rumor. 

Back then, he was a four-time letterman in basketball and football, but he was also a guy who knew what he wanted out of life.  Gosh, he had always known, ever since he was 8 and a Denver policeman was kind to him.  Never wavered once and wasn't shy about letting you know.  So when it had come time to write his ambition in the senior yearbook, it was a no-brainer: "To be the best cop in the country." 

"Mornin'.  Hey, nice hat." 

"Mornin', Fred." 

A couple hundred kids move through the doors he is holding open for them, a couple hundred kids - boys in AC/DC hoodies, girls with a little too much eye makeup - flow past him but nobody calls the big man anything but his Christian name.  Nobody uses his title.  Nobody calls Fred Wegener "Sheriff." 

But everybody knows that's who he is.  All the kids at Platte Canyon High School, all the people in Bailey, all the 17,000 souls who live in Park County.  And, because of what happened on Sept. 27, so do a lot of people in the country and the world. 

They know how a gunman named Duane Morrison entered the high school and took six girls hostage in a classroom, molesting them.  They heard that he claimed to have a bomb in his backpack.  They learned how, after releasing four of the girls, he cut off communication with law enforcement and made vague references to an ominous deadline. 

They read about how the order - Wegener's order - sent SWAT teams into the classroom and how, in a volcano of explosives and gunfire, one girl escaped but one did not.  How the man killed 16-year-old Emily Keyes and then himself, tearing out a family's heart, battering a community's sense of innocence, thrusting a 44-year-old sheriff onto a national stage where in his darkest moment as a cop he didn't shrink from the light. 

Sheriff Wegener, what were you thinking when the call came in and you were racing to the school? 

"Honestly, I was scared to death… I was just praying we would do the right thing," he said, not relying on a public information officer because he didn't have one. 

Who made the decision to go in? 

"It was my call," he said, telling the truth, but also taking the heat off the SWAT team leaders whose input was crucial. 

What made you decide to send in the SWAT teams? 

"He was hurting my girls," he said to the media, grim and sad, omitting at the time specifics of Morrison's depraved behavior toward the girls, omitting the fact that the SWAT teams heard the girls screaming, omitting for the time a lot of things but never the truth. 

"When I watched Fred on TV, I was really impressed," said Shauna Doven, a Bailey resident.  "He was representing his community, he was representing us; he was beyond what I could ever have expected.  At the time, he was bigger than Bailey." 

Bigger than Bailey?  Not Fred Wegener.  Holy smokes, just being a part of Bailey suited him fine. 

Where the pavement ends 

"Well, as the crow flies, it's about 15 miles to the Dillon Reservoir from here," says Wegener, hands on the steering wheel of his 345-horsepower unmarked Dodge Charger.   He is cruising along U.S. 285, pointing out odds and ends of his county, which, he tells you, "is bigger than the state of Delaware." 

As the car rolls past the statue of Christ that sits atop a mountain above Santa Maria, Wegener says off-handedly, "A lot of folks don't know this, but that's the largest religious statue in North America." 

Sometimes, the commentary will come to a halt when Wegener pulls his car over to drive a herd of bighorn sheep away from the side of U.S. 285.  When his siren and flashing lights don't work, he gets out and begins clapping and yelling. 

"They come down here because they love the salt," he explains, pointing at the white smear that is used to melt ice on the road. 

Later, while patrolling some of the county's subdivisions, he points out, "The pavement used to end here; it goes five miles further now."  Or, "That's Jeff Bode's house; I graduated high school with him.  Those moose antlers you see?   He got those in Alaska." 

Occasionally, a note of frustration will creep into his voice when he talks about losing his deputies to higher-paying municipalities, concluding with, "Holy smokes, raising law enforcement salaries is like pulling teeth on a frog." 

But frustration with the job is quickly eclipsed by satisfaction: "To me, being sheriff of my hometown is pretty special.  You kind of know everybody, and because of that you're deeply ingrained in the community. You have a tighter bond with the people who live here." 

But no tighter than the bond with your deputies. 

Badge of leadership 

The sound of heavy metal music joins with the clang of heavy metal objects in the Platte Canyon High School training room as the sheriff and two deputies heft formidable weights.  Military presses.  Parallel squats.  Bench presses. 

Wegener screws up one series, shakes his head and says, "Mentally, I made that a lot harder than it was." 

After finally completing the set, he points to an old scale that he says must be at least 50 years old. 

"So what you're saying is it was here when you went to high school," cracks Sgt. Glenn Hardey. 

Not to be outdone, Deputy Rich Sonnenberg mentions Wegener's "old man love handles" and the fact that his military career was spent in the "Chair Force." 

Wegener mock-winces, but can't help laughing loud and long. 

"That's the thing about him," says Hardey.   "He's a real person to us; he's not 'The Sheriff.'  We can joke around with him.  But, hey, we all have the utmost respect for him." 

Nearby, Wegener bench-presses 225 pounds three times. 

"You're an animal!" says Hardey. 

At least a different kind of animal. 

"I was told a long time ago in the Marines that there are three traits of leadership - example, example, example," says Lt. Mark Hancock, who is also the head of Park County's SWAT team.  "That's him." 

"With the sheriff, what you see is what you get.   The only thing I can say is he's for real," says Hancock, who then goes on to say a lot more. 

Like how when Wegener is on SWAT duty - he is a fully trained member - and they're raiding a house, "He wants to be the first one through the door, the 'tunnel of death.'  I've had to assign him to the perimeter because he's not supposed to be the first one in." 

He's not supposed to handle traffic duty either, but he does, another thing that "drives me crazy." 

The problem, as everyone - including Wegener's wife, June - says is that, "Fred is a s--- magnet."  Chances are the speeder he stops will be trouble.  Outstanding warrants.  A car full of illegal drugs or weapons.  Wegener's disdain for sitting behind his desk (which, by the way, he is proud to tell you he got for $15 at an office liquidation sale) is turning Hancock's hair gray fast. 

As recently as October, Wegener tried to stop a motorcyclist who had left the scene of an accident and was flaming through Bailey.  But when the driver reached the roadblock Wegener had set up, he accelerated, knocking the sheriff down and zooming away.  Wegener, only his ego wounded, got up, jumped in his car and chased the biker over Kenosha Pass and along the "gunbarrel" straightaway of 285 at speeds nearing 145 mph.  Outside Como, he caught the guy, nudged the motorcycle's rear tire with his bumper and forced him off the road.  A cop's job. 

If he isn't picking himself off the ground and pursuing suspects, he's ticketing speeders.  If he isn't doing that, he's sitting in his car during a snowstorm, closing off 285.  There is, however, one thing he's never done in 20 years of law enforcement. 

"Have I ever shot anyone?  No - amen," he says, loosing a loud whew in the process.  "Sure, I've pulled my guns numerous times, but . . . ." 

About the only time he can remember pulling the trigger is when he shot out the front tire of a car.  Of course, the guy kept going. 

"Holy smokes, that was a heckuva chase," recalls Wegener, who, naturally, was in the middle of it. 

Because that's where a sheriff belongs. 

"The thing about Fred is he doesn't ask anything of his guys that he wouldn't do himself," says June Wegener, perhaps remembering the time two Christmases ago when her husband worked the holiday shift pretty much by himself so his deputies could be with their families. 

Even when Wegener is home, the job is never far away.   Although he says he and his wife have reached a compromise on when the police scanner is operating in their house, she shakes her head and laughs, "What compromise?  I lost.  It's on 24/7, although he does lower the volume at night.  But if there's a page, he can still hear that." 

Still, June Wegener prevailed when her husband quit Bailey's volunteer fire department after his first two years as sheriff. 

"That had been a point of contention.  I did get into a little trouble with the missus over being away too much," confesses Wegener. 

Not that Wegener lacks extracurricular activities.   His duties as sheriff haven't prevented him from chaperoning middle school dances, manning a booster club concession booth at a high school fundraiser or - more recently - being a civilian volunteer for Parents at the Door, a monitoring group at the high school established in the wake of Sept. 27. 

For the past two years, he's also game announcer for the high school football team, a task he takes seriously enough to make sure he identifies each player by number and name. 

But he takes most tasks seriously. 

When Carmela Schweer's husband, Lanny, passed on in 2004, there was only one person she wanted to preside at his funeral: her boss. 

"Lanny would have thought it was an honor because he knew the kind of man Fred was," says Schweer, a secretary in Wegener's office.  "Fred did a beautiful job." 

If it sometimes seems that Wegener is really Sheriff Andy Taylor and Bailey is really Mayberry, well, some residents might agree.  And, just like his TV counterpart, Sheriff Wegener has "this strong quiet presence about him," says Bailey resident Rhonda Davis.  "I think we feel safer knowing Fred is around." 

"Fred really cares about his community," says Mike Pilcher, who runs the Knotty Pine restaurant with his wife Barb. 

"Fred's for real, too," adds Pilcher. "What you see is what you get." 

"Approachability is a good word for Fred," says another Bailey resident.  "So often, you find people in law enforcement are aloof.  Not Fred.  He and June are just folks." 

Then the man who is speaking smiles.  He has lived in Bailey for nine years and met the sheriff on various occasions.  But it wasn't until September that he really knew him.  It wasn't until John-Michael Keyes lost his daughter that he saw a deeper side of Fred Wegener. 

Respect and the truth 

It is mid-December, nearly three months since the unthinkable happened.  Keyes sits in his airy home in the hills above Bailey.  A sign over the door says, "Live Well.  Love Much.  Laugh Often." 

Keyes is talking about standing on a porch visiting with Fred Wegener in years past while their children - his Emily, Fred's son Ben - went to birthday parties together.  He is talking about how in 2002, at the height of the devastating Snaking Fire, when flames were dangerously close to consuming Keyes' house, Wegener made himself available to talk; he even arranged for Keyes to return to his evacuated home so he could retrieve some business files.  Keyes is also talking about his differences with Wegener, largely over the sheriff's stringent control of the annual Bailey Days celebration. 

But mostly he is talking of the visit the sheriff made to his and his wife's home two days after the shooting. 

"It meant a lot to both of us, me and Ellen," says Keyes, explaining that Wegener's insistence on talking to them personally was "a clear indication of respect.  It was absolutely a statement on Fred's part of assuming responsibility.  Yeah, it would've been easy to send someone else, but that's not what he did." 

He sits there, a lean man with soft voice and sad eyes.   Although occasionally his gaze turns inward, he has the expression of someone who has made peace with tragedy because he was told the truth. 

"I have no doubt it was real hard for Fred to walk through the door - it was a tough visit.  But I wanted to hear - and he wanted to say - what had happened in that room.  It was important to me to let him know that I supported his decision." 

How about now?  After reviewing the reports and talking with SWAT team members? 

"If anything, I'm even more convinced that it was absolutely the right decision to go in." 

What else was said that Friday? 

Keyes smiles but says nothing. 

Did he and the sheriff cry? 

He slowly nods his head. 

"It's funny," he then adds.  "With today's political correctness, Fred is a PIO's worst nightmare.  He speaks from the heart.  He doesn't give you the glass face." 

Sitting nearby is Lou Gonzalez, a close friend. Gonzalez has lived in Bailey 32 years.  He knows Wegener; knew his mother, Beverly Walker, who was Park County treasurer for eight years.   He, too, has had his differences with Wegener.  He, too, says that isn't what matters. 

"You know, Fred's a tough guy, but his emotion was there for all to see," says Gonzalez.  "Everyone saw how he responded, saw the depth of his concern.  He spoke the truth.  That touched us all." 

'Freddy' fell hard for fishing 

Sometimes Wegener's reputation for honesty can be a burden.  Take the time years ago when he was deputy sheriff in Park County.  He had arrested some guy on a domestic abuse charge and was in court as the jury was being selected. 

"They asked if I could be impartial," recalls Barb Pilcher.  "I kinda said, 'Well, I know Freddy a long time.  If he said the guy did it, he probably did.'  They almost couldn't get a jury; just about everybody knew Fred and they all figured he was telling the truth." 

Of course, everybody in Bailey knew Fred.  How could they not?  Didn't he move up from Denver with his mom, stepdad and a passel of siblings, half-siblings and stepsiblings in 1970, when he was 8? 

Back then, pretty much everybody knew everybody in Bailey.  Especially Freddy.  He was all boy; did all the things a boy should, especially fish.  Loved fishing so much he would pay his sister to do his chores so he could head off with his pole. 

If he wasn't fishing, he might be down at the Bailey Country Store, eyeing Mr. Mason's penny candy.  Or going to Boy Scout meetings at the old firehouse. 

By the time he reached high school he was 6-2 and 150 pounds.  Barely cast a shadow, but he was a good enough athlete to letter in football and basketball. 

When he wasn't playing ball, he was serving as class vice president.  When he wasn't doing that, he was volunteering as a cadet for the sheriff's office, getting a taste of law enforcement.  Liking it. 

Scarcely a month after graduation, he joined the Air Force.  Figured the service was a good way to get law enforcement training.  He spent six years with the security police, most of them in Alaska, including a stint at Shemya, a secure island base a scant 200 miles from Russia. 

When he mustered out of the service in 1987 he didn't need a compass to know which direction to head.  He came home to Park County and became a deputy sheriff. 

He hadn't been deputy very long when he went on a blind date.  They ate at Bennigan's, saw The Witches of Eastwick and that was that.  Within six months he and June were married.  Dani, their daughter, came along pretty quick.  Ben followed a few years later. 

Deputy Wegener did well.  Learned to think on his feet.  Like the time some guy belted his girlfriend and then ran off toward the river.  Instead of chasing him in the dark, Wegener growled into his bullhorn, "If you don't come out, we're gonna release the dogs!"  So what if there were no dogs?  So what if it was Wegener barking into the bullhorn?  Guy came out of the woods with his hands up.  Good cops improvise. 

He served eight years as a Park County deputy.  Almost ran for the top spot in 1994, but thought better.  Then, in November 1995, he left - "differences in philosophy" with the incumbent sheriff.  He wound up as a jail detention officer with Aurora. 

Being cooped up inside in a jail was about as agreeable to him as coffee.  He hated coffee. (Give him Gatorade or a Coke.)  Even worse, he and the missus and the kids had moved to the suburbs and "I just hated living there."  Not enough Bailey. 

He stuck it out in Aurora for a year and a half, but he "needed to be back on the road."  Hired on with the Idaho Springs police in April 1997.  Thanks to a "small community" and a "wonderful chief," Idaho Springs was a "real good fit for me." 

He loved the job, moving from police officer to detective.  Even better, he moved back near Bailey, back to the modest house he and June owned.  The house that sat as close to the river as you can get, where "There's no other noise in the world except the water going by." 

In 1998, some folks asked him to run for Park County sheriff.  Hmmm. 

He won by 199 paltry votes, maybe a bit of a surprise considering everybody knew him.  Maybe they didn't think he was ready.  He was only 36 and looked even younger, what with that flattop haircut - more scalp than hair on the sides - and whispery mustache. 

But he was ready all right.  Whether it was a $3 million marijuana bust in 2000, a triple homicide in Guffey in 2001, the Snaking Fire in 2002 - or folks trapped in their bathroom by a mountain lion, Wegener made sure he and his deputies kept the peace.  People noticed.  He was re- elected with 77 percent of the vote. 

In the meantime, Park County was growing - an influx of citified people, "folks complaining about barking dogs, which we never used to hear much about."  People of a different mind that the ones Wegener had grown up with, the ones who preferred the "small-town leave-us- alone pace." 

To accommodate both, the sheriff stayed current.  Took law enforcement executive development seminars at colleges, attended the FBI training academy in Maryland.  He wrestled with budget constraints brought about by the TABOR Amendment and worried that he only had 19 deputies to patrol 2,200 square miles of county. 

But he tried to keep things personal, like stopping in for breakfast at a local cafe and going in the kitchen to say hi.  He was pleased that folks asked his department to do "vacation checks" on their homes when they left town.  He had always liked "that feeling of helping out." 

Above all, he learned it was important "to check your ego at the door," to not be "badge heavy."  He learned the trick to being a good sheriff is "You want to arrest somebody like you were arresting your own brother.  Because in a small town, the person you arrest on Saturday just might be sitting next to you in church on Sunday morning." 

Above all, as a sheriff, you had to be "willing to help people." 

He loved his job enough to run for a third term.  Sure, it hurt that the backers of one of his opponents were accusing him of fiscal irresponsibility and dishonesty.  Sure, it bothered him that a Libertarian candidate was dissing drug busts and drunken driving arrests as pointless and intrusive.  Sure, it irked him that the guy he had beaten in 2002 was running again.  Still, life was good. 

And then it wasn't. 

Holding onto an angel 

After the call came through about an armed intruder in the high school, Wegener remembers it took about three minutes for him to go "sailing" across 6 1/2 miles, his tires "probably not touching the pavement."  He remembers briefly thinking that Ben was in the building, but putting that thought aside because "there were a lot of other students who needed to be evacuated."  He remembers "the look on the faces of the kids as I opened the doors to get them out."  He remembers the "sense of urgency," the "surreal feeling."  He remembers "a lot." 

He remembers being at the command post on the football field, getting reports from Hancock, hearing the word "assault."  He remembers thinking, "What would I do if it was my daughter?"  He remembers wondering if the gunman had explosives.  What did he mean something would happen by 4 p.m.?  He remembers thinking, "This guy had a plan." 

And once he made the decision, he remembers it felt like it took "four hours" before the assault was launched.  Actually, it was the longest 15 minutes of his life. 

After the shooting, as he was gearing up to face the media, he called June.  Hearing the emotion rending his voice, she told him, "You need to find someone else to do this." 

"Nope, I'll be OK," he said.  He knew he had to be the one because, "When people elect a sheriff, they put their trust and faith in him.  I knew it would be better hearing what happened from my mouth." 

He didn't know exactly what he was going to say, but he knew that, "You have to be straightforward and truthful.  Otherwise it'll come back and bite you in the rear." 

He also knew that, "You can't pussyfoot around.   If you got something to say, say it.  And if you have something to hide, than you probably shouldn't be in front of the cameras anyway because you'll come off like you got something to hide." 

When he finally got home, his wife was worried.  Whenever he experienced a trying day, his usual therapy was talking to June and playing some cribbage.  He did neither that night.  Nor the next. 

For the first month, Wegener averaged three hours of sleep, vainly hoping the nightmares would stop.  It helped that the Keyes family backed his decision.  It helped that one of his opponents, Rob Raskiewicz, extolled Wegener's performance ("I've seen a side of you that I never imagined could exist," he wrote in a letter to the local paper) and withdrew from the sheriff's race.  It helped that most of the tsunami of mail and e-mail was positive. 

It didn't help that some was not. 

Two in particular stung.  One said, "How can you cash your paycheck knowing you were so cowardly to not go in soon enough?"  The other read, "I would rather have had a raped daughter than a dead one." 

Wegener looks up as he speaks, not pussyfooting around the hurt. 

In the end, the people of Park County provided the best medicine.  Wegener was elected with 84 percent of the vote. 

But Wegener isn't talking about the election now.   He is talking about meeting the president of the United States in October at a school safety conference in Washington. ("Holy smokes, talk about being out of your element.")   He is talking about his mother, who died in 1995.  He is talking about his kids.  He is talking about fishing.  He likes to talk.  He likes people. 

Then he reaches into his pocket and pulls out the little silver angel he always keeps with him.  The one that is engraved Emily. 

"I'll never forget the decision that was made," he says in a soft voice.  "I'll have to live with the fact that Emily died as a result of my decision and that will stay with me forever. 

"Closure?  We'll never have complete closure.  I know that." 

Has the shooting changed him? 

He says he always carries a gun with him now and takes nothing for granted.  He says a lot of days he wakes up and "I feel like I'm stuck in September."  He says it took a long time for him to drive by the high school and "not feel compelled to stop."  Even now, there are some mornings when he can't help but drive by the school parking lot to make sure his truck - the one Ben uses - is there.   Some days he drives in the lot and sits in his car for a while.  Doesn't know why.  Just does. 

"Changes in him?  I think it has made him closer to his family," says his wife.  "But there's nothing that you would really be able to notice." 

Wegener isn't sure. 

"It's still too fresh for me to know how it's going to change me," he says.  He pauses and lets a little jet of air escape his lips.  "I do know that I sure feel older." 

There is a tattoo on each of the biceps of the sheriff of Park County, souvenirs from his Air Force days.  On the right arm is a sword going through a heart, with the message, "Death Before Dishonor."  On the left, a sword, skull and cobra are the backdrop for "Sworn to Fun, Loyal to One."  Maybe a man can have too much free time in Alaska. 

The tats are covered up by the short-sleeve sport shirt Wegener is wearing today.  As a volunteer at the high school, he's not in uniform; he's just a parent, opening locked doors for students, eagerly sampling cookies being handed out by students on the cusp of Christmas vacation, enthusing to a stranger, "Have you ever seen our new cafeteria?  I'm really proud of that." 

Students, sheriff interact 

Meanwhile, students amble up to the sheriff.  One shows him a math problem he's working on.  Another displays a cool new T-shirt.  A third, Daniel Day, shows him the book he's reading, The Natural. 

"Oh, didn't they make that into a movie with, uh, what's his name - Robert Redford!" says the sheriff. 

As Wegener goes to open one of the locked doors for a student, Day, 15, says, "Fred is one of the most trustworthy guys I've ever known." 

John Carpenter , another student, would agree. 

"He wants me to run for president," laughs Wegener. 

Well? 

"Not interested," he laughs. 

How about, say, governor? 

Wegener smiles and says, "Noooooo.  You can say for certain that Fred Wegener has reached his aspirations for political office." 

Furthermore, he insists, this term will be his last at sheriff, even if his wife isn't 100 percent sure. 

"Let's not throw away those 'Wegener for Sheriff' signs yet," she laughs. 

As far as the future goes, he's thinking about maybe something to do with the Safe Schools programs on a state or national level.  He's also thinking about working for Immigration and Customs Enforcement , although, "I might be too old." 

What he really dreams about, however, is packing up and heading to Florida's Gulf Coast, where it's always warm and the fishing is perpetual.  On a recent vacation in Florida, "I saw my future when I saw a guy going by in a boat.  It said 'Marine Patrol' on it and I thought, 'That job's got my name all over it.' " 

Maybe.  But maybe not. It might be harder than he thinks to walk away from law enforcement.  Because, funny thing, Fred Wegener's been so busy pursuing his dream he might not be aware he's achieved it.  He might not realize it but, holy smokes, the kid from Bailey who wanted to be the best cop in the country just might be. 

Park County 

• Square miles: 2,201 

• Persons per square mile: 6.6 

• Whites (2004): 96.6 percent 

• Blacks (2004): 0.6 percent 

• Hispanics (2004): 5.4 percent 

• Per capita income, 1999: $25,019 

• Median household income: $52,110 

Population 

• 1970: 3,300 

• 1980: 5,333 

• 1990: 7,171 

• 2000: 14,523 

• 2005: 16,949Source: U.S. Census Bureau 

meadowj@RockyMountainNews.com or 303-954-2606 

..
..
12/15/2006 12:04:00 PM 	  	
 	
Colorado Bureau of Investigation Division Director Steve Johnson was one of many CBI officials honored at the Park County Sheriff's Office ceremony on Dec. 11 at the Farmers Union building in Bailey. Johnson said at least a couple of dozen CBI employees from all four offices – in Durango, Montrose, Pueblo and Denver – were involved in the CBI response to the Sept. 27 Platte Canyon High School shootings. (Photo by Tom Locke/The Flume) 	

Park County Sheriff's Office honors responders to Sept. 27 tragedy

by Debra Orecchio - Correspondent

The Park County Flume newspaper

In a moving tribute to those involved in responding to the tragic events at Platte Canyon High School on Sept. 27, Park County Sheriff Fred Wegener recognized the contributions of 142 men and women. 

Over 300 people attended the invitation-only event held Dec. 11 at the Farmers Union in Bailey.

The ceremony began with the mournful notes of a lone bagpiper as the flags were presented by the Park County Sheriff's Color Guard. 

Sherry Muldoon performed an a cappella rendition of the national anthem.

The Color Guard then presented flowers to John-Michael Keyes and Ellen Stoddard-Keyes, parents of Emily Keyes, who was slain by a gunman who took seven female hostages at the school on Sept. 27. 

In his opening statements, Wegener thanked everyone in the community who has worked tirelessly to keep the community close. He said he will be forever grateful for the immediate response of all those involved.

"You will all be in my hearts forever," he said.

To the Keyes family, Wegener said, "Your strength has kept me going."

Wegener also thanked the media for the courtesy and respect they showed during the tragic events of September. 

Bryan Krause, principal at Platte Canyon High School, extended thanks to everyone on behalf of the school district. He appreciated the honesty and integrity of the officers during the entire event and afterward.

He also said he wanted to commend the Park County Sheriff's officers for the speed of their response - which he said did save lives - as well as their professionalism and the tough decisions that Wegener had to make that day. 

"We will continue to work closely with the Park County Sheriff's Office," said Krause. "And we know it will be positive in the future."

Undersheriff Monte Gore said the event was so overwhelming and there was so much assistance from so many different agencies. Both Wegener and Gore felt they might be leaving some people out in their recognition, but they wanted everyone to know how much they appreciated what they all have done. 

"In a small community, when tragedy strikes, we get help from everybody," said Gore.

Platte Canyon Fire, Elk Creek Fire, Platte Canyon Rescue, and Clear Creek SWAT were all presented with Meritorious Awards for their role on Sept. 27. A Meritorious Award is given to individuals for their extraordinary performance above and beyond the call of duty. 

A Sheriff's Commendation Award recognizes selfless conduct during a time of crisis or emergency. Gore added that they were honoring those whose outstanding and heroic acts were worthy of recognition.

Wegener honored several Park County agencies with that award, including the emergency manager and dispatch, support services, victim services, the Fairplay Police Department, district attorneys, the county attorney, county coronor, county commissioners, homeland security, and the Executive Director of Public Safety. Other agencies outside of Park County were also recognized with that award, including state communications, state victim's advocate, the Colorado State Patrol, the Colorado Division of Wildlife, the Colorado Bureau of Investigation, and the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives. 

Cate Malek, staff writer for The Flume, was also honored with a Sheriff's Commendation Award for her assistance to John-Michael Keyes, who was waiting anxiously outside the school that day. She helped him send a text message to his daughter that enabled him to receive one last communication of love from her. (See Malek's story in the Oct. 6 Flume. ) 

Members of the Jefferson County Sheriff's Office, the regional SWAT team and many other responders were recognized by both sheriffs' offices in a ceremony at D'Evelyn High School Nov. 20. 

At the end of the ceremony, Wegener requested a moment of silence to remember Colorado Springs Officer Ken Jordan, who was killed last week in the line of duty. 

After the Dec. 11 ceremony, Colorado Bureau of Investigation Division Director Steve Johnson told The Flume that at least a couple of dozen CBI employees from all four offices - Durango, Montrose, Pueblo and Denver - had been involved in the response on Sept. 27. 

The results of the CBI investigation into the Sept. 27 events are expected to be delivered to the Park County Sheriff's Office and District Attorney Molly Chilson around the first of the year, he said. 

According to Undersheriff Gore, the release of the repport to the media is likely to occur within a week or two after Chilson gets the report.

..
..

President Bush Participates; Panel on School Safety 
National 4-H Conference Center
Chevy Chase, Maryland 


http://www.whitehouse.gov/news/releases/2006/10/20061010-8.html 

      Fact Sheet: Conference on School Safety 
      Conference on School Safety 
      In Focus: Education 

NOTE-DFM;  There is a multimedia presentation too.   Go to the website.

10 Oct 2006;  1:24 P.M. EDT 

THE PRESIDENT: Thank you very much. (Applause.) Thank you all for coming. In many ways, I'm sorry we're having this meeting. In other ways, I know how important it is that we're having this meeting. The violence that has been occurring in our schools is incredibly sad and it troubles a lot of folks. And it troubled me and Laura. And so I asked Margaret and Al to host a gathering of concerned citizens, the purpose of which is to come up with best practices and just shared experiences so that others might know how to react to prevent and react to inexplicable and -- violence that is hard to imagine. 

All of us in this country want our classrooms to be gentle places of learning, places where people not only learn the basics -- basic skills necessary to become productive citizens, but learn to relate to one another. And our parents I know want to be able send their child or children to schools that are safe places. And the violence we've seen is upsetting to a lot of people and I know it's upsetting to the professionals who are with us. But rather than be upset, it's best for all of us who are responsible for helping the folks not only cope, but to prevent action from taking place, it's best to be proactive. And that's what this meeting is. 

And so I want to thank you all for joining. I got a firsthand report on one of the panels from Laura, who said that -- I think if I could summarize your words, it was like really interesting and very important. And so I thought what I would do is ask Al and Margaret to begin this session and maybe hear from some of the folks here, and then, if time permitting, hear from you all out in the audience. 

Again, I want to thank Margaret and Al for setting this up, and really thank you all for coming and taking an interest. I know we got people from all around the country, and it's -- this is a nationwide effort to help people who are responsible protect our children. 

ATTORNEY GENERAL GONZALES: Mr. President, thank you for asking Margaret and I to host this important conference. We've had some good panel discussions, as you've already heard already. You've met some of the panelists we've invited back. And just for our audience, again, we've asked Dr. Marleen Wong, Craig Scott, Fred Ellis, and Sheriff Jeff Dawsy to help us speak with the President about this important issue. 

Mr. President, I'm going to talk a bit about the panel that I moderated which dealt with the scope of the problem from the law enforcement perspective. 

Margaret is going to talk to you a little bit about the two other panels that we've heard from today -- one dealing with responding to the tragedy, prepared for the tragedy at the parent level and the school level. And the other is how do communities heal, how do they recover from these kinds of tragedies. 

With respect to the first panel, the good news we heard was that, generally, America's schools are safe places to be. Your kids are much more likely to be safer in school than they are at the mall. And that's the good news. We are, however, are seeing some indications in the last two years that those trends are changing. And so that's something that we want to watch very carefully, monitor that and see what can be done to reverse it, if, in fact, that is a trend that we need to be worried on. 

We also learned that the U.S. Secret Service and other federal agencies are doing a lot of good work already in dealing with this issue. The Secret Service, in particular, has been working on a threat assessment guide that they make available. And there is someone in the audience that I would like to have come to the microphone. He is Police Chief Art Kelly from New Bedford, Massachusetts, and he wants to relay to you an example where he relied upon the information by the Secret Service in an actual case. 

THE PRESIDENT: I like the Secret Service, too, Art. (Laughter and applause.) 

* * * * * 

THE PRESIDENT: Let me ask you a question, Al -- not you, Chief, but -- well, I can ask you, too. I presume out of this there will be a series of best practices that you will share with principals and schools districts that explain, for example, what people could look for to determine whether or not there's an early warning sign, and then how to respond. 

ATTORNEY GENERAL GONZALES: Exactly. 

THE PRESIDENT: Okay, good. Thanks, Chief. 

ATTORNEY GENERAL GONZALES: Mr. President, we also heard from Tom Kube, of the Council of Educational Facility Planners, who talked to us about school design, and that the way we design our schools can be helpful in protecting our children. 

We had an interesting discussion about metal detectors. Some of the panel members -- they don't believe it's an effective tool preventing violence; one in five school shootings occur outside the school building, so they couldn't help in any event. Our students, as we know, are very smart and resourceful and they figure out a way to avoid metal detectors. Also one panel member said that it sends the wrong message about what we think of our kids when we have them come to an environment where they're supposed to learn and have to pass through metal detectors. So I found that to be very, very interesting. 

THE PRESIDENT: I happen to agree, but what I do know? (Laughter.) 

ATTORNEY GENERAL GONZALES: Yes, sir. We also then spent a lot of time talking about information sharing. This is very, very important, in terms of gathering up information and being able to share it with not just parents, but administrators, events happening at home. And I'd like Sheriff Dawsy to talk a little bit about this point. 

* * * * * 

THE PRESIDENT: Is there an opportunity to share between sheriffs around the country how they're dealing with this issue? Does it make sense to have the National Sheriff's Association contact -- ask for stories, practices, and then condense them and send them back out so that people can -- who probably aren't listening to this will be able to -- 

SHERIFF DAWSY: I think it would be a wonderful initiative. One of the things I learned today was not more about questions, but more of solutions. There was many different speakers that came up and told us about different resources to use. 

THE PRESIDENT: Yes, that's my point. 

ATTORNEY GENERAL GONZALES: Mr. President, I think that Sheriff Dawsy would say that this program helps him to do his job, which means that I'm sure all the sheriffs around the country would like that kind of program, as well, to help them do their job. 

THE PRESIDENT: That's my point. Yes, so who is responsible for talking to the head of the Sheriff's Association or the police chiefs to make sure that happens? 

AUDIENCE MEMBER: I'm right here, sir, and it will be done. 

THE PRESIDENT: Thank you, sir. Very good. 

ATTORNEY GENERAL GONZALES: Sir, one final point I would just like to emphasize, and that is, there are many schools that have plans in terms of how to deal with a threat or an incident that occurs, but the plans are worthless if people don't know about them, if they're not dusted off, if people don't practice them. And as the Secretary indicated earlier this morning, there's a lot of turnover that occurs in the school between the faculty, the administration, between students and families. And it's very, very important for schools to understand what the plans are and to practice those plans. It made a big difference two weeks ago in terms of the shooting in Bailey, Colorado, where they were able to respond in a very effective manner to that tragedy. And so that's a very important thing that needs to be emphasized over and over again. 

There were many other points that we discussed, Mr. President, and I think we made some good progress in this area. 

THE PRESIDENT: Thank you, Al. 

SECRETARY SPELLINGS: Thank you, Mr. President. That's a good place to begin on panel number two -- we call this in education a teachable moment, because we have plans, lots of work has been done post-9/11, post-Katrina and other incidents, but if parents, teachers and faculty are not aware of what's been done, then they're worthless. And so on panel two we talked a lot about readiness. We talked about how to create a school culture that was supportive and nurturing, that when young people have connections with adults, caring adults, how important that is; how there are signs to watch for; that a lack of academic success and other things like the Sheriff talked about are clues, that are ways that we might intervene. 

We also talked about the need for constant communication and coordination between school personnel and law enforcement. We talked about how every community is unique and individualized, that those are decisions and discussions that have to happen at the local level. So we also figured out ways or talked about ways to continue to develop those relationships and strategies around those sorts of things. 

Fred Ellis, who is the head of school safety in Fairfax County, my school district, and is also a member of my commission that's part of the No Child Left Behind Act, the Commission on Safe and Drug-Free Schools -- Fred serves on that. We'll be meeting in the next few weeks and giving them some new charges that came out of our meeting today. But I'd like Fred to speak about some of the things that he's experienced. 

Fairfax County is considered to be one of the national models, national leaders in this area. So, Fred, thank you for your work. 

* * * * * 

THE PRESIDENT: Did you say 81 percent of the students were aware of a violent act? 

MR. ELLIS: Some of the data that I had heard today from the Secret Service and some of their research, that much information was out there. 

THE PRESIDENT: It seems like a pretty good opportunity to prevent an attack if 81 percent of the -- there's an 81 percent awareness of a potential attack, which then I guess would lead to making sure principals explain to students, when you hear something, please tell me. 

MR. ELLIS: Yes, sir. I think that's part of the point, is that there needs to be a culture, a climate in a school where students and faculty and staff and visitors feel comfortable with reporting stuff. Particularly at the student level, because we know that they do talk about it, but they have to have -- they have to feel comfortable that, one, they know where to go to report this information, and that there's going to be a useful and successful outcome and intervention to prevent some violence. 

SECRETARY SPELLINGS: We also heard from a gentleman named Jim Moore, who founded a program called Project Watch D.O.G.S., which is basically dads coming into schools and being role models, modeling good behavior and being a presence. Another way that we can kind of be alert for behavioral patterns and the like is to make sure that we have as many grown-ups in schools as we possible can. 

So, Jim, thank you for your work. He's from Arkansas -- actually, he's from La Mesa. 

Anyway, in panel three we talked about recovery and healing, and how it takes time. And we learned from our professionals, like Marleen Wong, who I've had the opportunity to get to know as she helped us and helped communities on the Gulf Coast deal with the aftermath of Hurricane Katrina. She's been an asset to the Department of Education in our work for a very long time. And she's from Los Angeles, works at the LA Unified School District. 

We know also that these sorts of incidents can occur in inner-city America and Amish communities, private schools, public schools -- really every single community has to be alert. So, Marleen, why don't you talk a little bit about your work in Los Angeles. 

* * * * * 

THE PRESIDENT: Is it typical of a student that expresses a wish to die, makes that clear to his or her peers and to -- if people are attuned to what that means, to pay attention to somebody who exhibits the behavior that says, I am depressed and I want to die? I mean, is it -- it's a pretty strong statement. 

DR. WONG: It's a wonderful question, because there are -- there are behaviors and there are expressions of hopelessness that come before that. And so I think we have to do a lot of education with just folks who say, you know, they've changed, they don't have joy in life, and that this is an early warning sign. 

THE PRESIDENT: But is it easy to define the behavior that would tip off an adult in a school, or some -- a coach or an art teacher that this is the kind of behavior that ought to say to us, we better pay attention to this person, this child? 

DR. WONG: Yes. There's a short list, and actually, the student who sat on the previous panel did an excellent job of naming all of those things. I was so proud of her. I thought she ought to come and do some training with our -- 

THE PRESIDENT: And how many educators do you think that can name -- good job, by the way -- how many adults do you think around the schools in America can name the traits that would say, we better pay attention to this person? 

DR. WONG: Not enough. 

THE PRESIDENT: And therefore, what can we do to make sure that people understand what to look for? It seems like to me that a lot of our focus ought to be on preventing. And no question, we ought to worry about recovering, but preventing is -- makes the recovering not necessary. 

SECRETARY SPELLINGS: Chiarasay, you did such a nice job this morning, why don't you go to the microphone real quick and tell us the nine signs -- (applause.) 

THE PRESIDENT: Where are you from Chiarasay? 

MS. PERKINS: Mr. President, I'm from Walton County, Florida. 

THE PRESIDENT: Good. I know your Governor. (Laughter.) 

MS. PERKINS: Some of the traits that are noticeable are changes in everyday habits. If you know friends -- stuff like playing sports, he won't play sports; grade averages dropping; they start acting different they start eating different, dressing different, carrying themselves in a different manner as you would normally know them -- are just some of the small things that you as a friend or as a teacher or parent could notice that will bring upon a change in the case if they are depressed, or feeling as thought they want to commit suicide, or hurt somebody or themselves. 

THE PRESIDENT: That's great. Thank you. 

DR. WONG: Thank you. (Applause.) 

THE PRESIDENT: Let me ask you a question. From your experience, Marleen, if a teacher were to notice those traits, is it typical that someone would act on them? In other words, I'm just trying to make sure I understand. If a student sees -- I mean, a teacher sees a student begin to change clothes and begin to -- does a principal and a teacher tend to say, well, that's really not my business, it's the parents' business? In other words, awareness requires, by the way, some kind of response. 

DR. WONG: And I think that varies around the country. 

THE PRESIDENT: Yes, I'm sure it does. 

DR. WONG: I think that more and more people are beginning to pay attention just because we have paid such a dear price for ignoring some of the warning signs. 

THE PRESIDENT: So maybe an outcome for this is to encourage -- for you to get in touch with the principals organizations or the teachers organizations and help -- 

SECRETARY SPELLINGS: And be aware of the warning signs. 

THE PRESIDENT: And then -- I guess there's a certain confidence that has to come with interfering -- not interfering, but interceding in a child's life. My only question is, is there hesitancy when an adult says, well, maybe this is just the way it's supposed to be, or maybe it's none of my business. And the question is if that's the case -- if you can determine that's the case, how do you get people to respond differently? 

SECRETARY SPELLINGS: Cathy Paine, from Oregon, told us about -- where they had an incident there, that there were dozens of signs of this particular shooter, and that the full picture didn't become clear until after the incident. 

THE PRESIDENT: Can you -- do you mind sharing that? Thanks, Cathy. 

MS. PAINE: Thank you, Mr. President. I was a school psychologist in Springfield, Oregon when the shooting happened there in 1998. And the point I was making was that for our shooter, yes, there were things that individuals knew about him; his parents knew some things, teachers saw a few things, but at no time was there a way for all of those people, in a sense, to get together and share that entire picture. So 20-20 hindsight has been very good, and we've been able to say, ah-hah and see how all that fit together. 

But because of -- whether it's lack of resources or lack of knowledge, we didn't have a mechanism for that to happen. We're trying to do a better job with that now, in forming what we call care teams in our schools where teachers regularly do get together and share concerns about students, and then we try to connect them with our mental health services in the community. 

THE PRESIDENT: The whole purpose of this exercise is to help educate and, if there needs to be cultural change inside schools, for teachers to become more aware and more active -- or principals -- is to try to stimulate these kinds of discussions, obviously, outside of Washington, at the local level or state levels, in the hopes of preventing these from happening in the first place. 

Thank you for coming to share your experience and appreciate you're sharing your expertise. 

SECRETARY SPELLINGS: One of the people who's been doing that in a very meaningful way is Craig Scott, who has talked all over the country to teenagers and teachers and educators and school leaders. And he has a very powerful story, as you know. His sister, Rachel, was murdered in Columbine. 

So, Craig, why don't you share your thoughts. 

MR. SCOTT: Well, just to give a little background, I was in the school library during the shooting. I had 10 classmates that were killed around me. I lost two friends underneath a table, and then later that same day learned that my sister, Rachel Joy Scott, was the first one that was killed. And really I've been just now traveling over the last seven years just sharing a simple story of compassion. And it's had a huge impact on the school culture. Kids really have looked to her as a role model. She's been a hero to a lot of kids. 

And last night I just was looking back over the last seven years and I was in my hotel room and I just journaled, and I wanted to express real quick over the next couple minutes, just read to you what I wrote in my journal that expresses my feelings best. 

I said: Once upon a time, our goal of education in our country was, first and foremost, character. Academic achievement is now the main goal. I knew two students at Columbine that achieved the goal of knowledge. Eric Harris and Dylan Kleibold were very smart. They planned the shooting for a year and predicted the events that would unfold afterwards. The problem wasn't their education at my school, Columbine. Their problem was their character. 

I've grown up in a culture today that doesn't teach me anything of substance, of value, how it bombards me every day with messages of emptiness and shallowness. And the youth are crying for something to stand for, something to believe in. If it weren't for my faith or my family, I possibly could have fallen into the lies that our culture tells us. But now I've traveled, I've spoken to over a million teens across this country. I've not always seen -- I've not always liked what I've seen in the schools. I've seen depression, anger and loneliness, students without direction or purpose. I've seen students who called themselves cutters, have cut themselves because that's the way they know to take out the pain that they're dealing with. I've learned a lot about my generation. And I've learned a lot since I lost my friends and my sister. And the main thing I've learned is that kindness and compassion can be the biggest antidotes to anger and hatred, and I believe the biggest antidotes to violence. 

With the program my father started called, Rachel's Challenge, a program my mom speaks for called, Life Choices, we've seen bullying stopped, suicides aborted. We have 10 incidents where a student came up with hit lists or plans to shoot up his or her -- his school, all male -- and told either the speaker or told the teacher about their plans, but had a change of heart. As a side-effect, we've seen -- and our statistics have shown and the more our program -- has been a rise in school attendance and an increase in academic achievement. 

How have we done it? We've done it with a simple story of a young girl who believed in compassion and was killed for her faith. That was the story of Rachel Joy Scott. But my sister is not the only one who believes in kindness, and she's not been the only one in her brave stance against the injustice willing to stand up for the one who gets put down in school, to sit by the student that sits all alone at lunch, and to talk to or reach out to the one who is consistently ignored or made fun of. She literally has inspired millions of people to continue the chain reaction she started. A lot of those are students across the country. 

I've read Eric Harris and Dylan Kleibold's journals that were recently released, and basically Eric wrote in one of his journals, "If only you were nicer to me, maybe this wouldn't have happened." 

I don't know who else is tired of band-aid answers, but I know band-aids aren't going to save kids from dying. I give every student out there a challenge my sister put down on paper a month before she died when she wrote for her class -- she said, "I have this theory that if one person can go out of their way to show compassion, it will start a chain reaction of the same. People will never know how far a little kindness can go." 

I challenge every teacher, principal and superintendent and educator here today to take a look at teaching that doesn't just teach the head, but teaches the heart. The students today that I've met are looking for truth. You can help point them to what's right and what's wrong. Truth is not all relative, despite what our culture or pop culture tells us. 

To parents in the room today, please love your kids like my parents love me, like my parents loved Rachel. To the media and entertainment industry, I would give the challenge to take responsibility, own up to the product -- (applause) -- own up to the product that you create and the effect that it has on its audience, that two shooters were very much impacted and influenced by violence through the media and dwelled on violent video games, violent movies, music, and things they saw through the Internet, and is a common theme with a lot of these shooters that they've chosen very negative influences in their life. I believe there needs to be the positive influences that are highlighted on our television and through our media. 

You're a powerful institution affecting my generation every day. Please think about, when releasing your next movie, your next song, your next game, your next headline story. I myself am a film maker, and I want to create movies that inspire, build people up with stories of ennobling characters. 

To the lawmakers and politicians who want to slap those band-aids on deep, gaping wounds, I'm simply going to repeat a poem that my dad read to the House Judiciary of Congress several months after the Columbine shooting where he said: 

"Your laws ignore our deepest needs 

Your words are empty air. 

You've stripped away our heritage 

You've outlawed simple prayer. 

Now gunshots fill our classrooms 

and precious children die. 

You seek for answers everywhere 

and ask the question why. 

You regulate restrictive law 

through legislative creed, 

and yet you failed to understand 

that God is what we need." 

I'm not promoting that religion be brought back to schools. I don't believe that's the answer. But I do believe in education that touches and teaches the heart and helps form the character. And I believe if that can be implemented in the education on a daily basis, we'll see a change. I'm not out to change the world, just to change one person, one teen at a time. And I've finished with, just please take my words to heart today. They were bought at a high price. (Applause.) 

THE PRESIDENT: Good job. (Applause.) Whew. (Applause.) Which one of us up here can now talk after that? Thank you. Yes, that's great. You are changing our society. You may not realize it, but thank you -- powerful statement. 

I'd be glad to hear from people in the audience. (Laughter.) Yes, I probably won't be able to hear from all of you in the audience. 

That was great, Craig. Thank you. Could I have that? 

MR. SCOTT: Oh, absolutely. 

THE PRESIDENT: Thank you. Yes, sir. 

Q Mr. President, I haven't had this feeling since I was 17 and that's the last time that I asked you a question in Herbert, Texas. I've spoken to hundreds of thousands of people since. Last time I was nervous was when I was 17 in Herbert, Texas, and you were campaigning in Herbert, Texas. 

THE PRESIDENT: Don't tell them I came in second place in a two-man race. (Laughter.) 

Q My name is Pete Vargas. I'm the national director for Rachel's Challenge, the program -- 

THE PRESIDENT: Oh, fantastic, Pete. 

Q -- that Craig just talked about. And I want to echo something that's very dear to my heart and Darrel, his father who is sitting right here. 

THE PRESIDENT: Your dad is there? Where is your dad? Excuse me. Okay, thank you. Raised a good man here. 

Q I talk to thousands of educators every month, our team does, thousands. And one of the things that disturbs me is there's hundreds that say, Pete, you all have change the culture of our school, but then there's thousands that say, it's so hard for us to fit our -- we want your program so bad, but we have testing and testing and testing and this and that, and it made me think about something, President. It made me think about growing up -- I was going the wrong direction completely. I was stealing, I was doing everything possibly wrong -- vandalism, beating up kids. And in 7th grade there was a teacher, Mrs. Muldanado, who touched my heart. In 10th grade there was a lady that you know from Herbert, Texas, that touched my heart. And in ninth grade my tennis coach touched my heart, and those three people changed my life. And as we -- why I believe in what I'm doing so much is Darrel's motto is that if we touch the heart of the kid, the head will follow. If we touch their heart, the head will follow, and the hands will make the difference. 

My question to you today is, I don't want us to look at the warning signs; I want us to eliminate the warning signs. 

THE PRESIDENT: Right, right. 

Q What can we do -- what can we do, and this is echoing Darrel and what Craig just said -- what can we do from the government's standpoint to go back to touching the heart of the kid, to teaching character education? Because we hear that all the time about the testing. 

THE PRESIDENT: I agree. Pete, let me say -- first on the tests. Thanks for coming. It's good to see you again. I was probably more nervous than you were when you asked the question. (Laughter.) 

Q You look the same. (Laughter.) 

THE PRESIDENT: I like selected memory. (Laughter.) 

First, in terms of testing, I don't think it's zero sum. I think you can make sure a child learns and I think you can instill character at the same time. I don't think you have to choose. As a matter of fact, I know we can't say that one doesn't beget the other. I happen to believe that self-esteem comes when a child realizes he or she can read early at grade level. And I think one of the real problems -- I think one of the real problems we have, Pete, is a school system across the country that basically gives up on children because we don't measure to determine whether or not they have the skills necessary to read, for example. 

And so I'm concerned about a system that socially promotes children, because I think that at some point in time, that begins to affect a child's vision of the future, and a grim vision of the future may be that which triggers a response that is negative. 

Character education is -- I know we funded quite a bit of it when I was the governor of Texas. Let me put the funding issue right on the table. The federal government is a limited funder of education. And I happen to believe that's the way it should be. I don't think it's possible for the people to have expectations that the government should fund public schools. This is a local responsibility. It's been that way throughout our history. I think it makes sense to do so, because it tends to make control of our schools more localized, which I happen to think is the best way to achieve excellence. 

And so, therefore, not to try to pass responsibilities, although we do have character education grants out of Washington, and we've got school safety grants out of Washington, but the best place to facilitate that kind of initiative, to make sure that character is taught in schools, is at the state level. 

Secondly, it's really important, Pete, that people not think government is a loving entity. Government is law and justice. Love comes from the hearts of people that are able to impart love. And therefore, what Craig is doing is -- he doesn't realize it -- he's a social entrepreneur. He is inspiring others to continue to reach out to say to somebody who is lonely, I love you. And I'm afraid this requires a higher power than the federal government to cause somebody to love somebody. And therefore, it's a -- (applause) -- and therefore, one of the things we can do, though, is to call upon people -- we've got the USA Freedom Corps Initiative, for example, that calls on volunteers to take active participation in their communities. 

You know, Craig said something interesting. I believe societies change one heart at a time. I don't mean to mimic what you said, but I was actually praising what you said, because that's how it works. And the truth of the matter is, if we really think about it, the primary responsibility, the primary teacher of character is the parent. That is the front line of enabling our society to be a compassionate, decent place. You wouldn't be sitting here if your mother and father hadn't instilled in you a -- something inside your soul that caused you to sit here in front of the President of the United States and give an unbelievably eloquent testimony about compassion. 

And the second line of defense in schools is, obviously, teachers. And the hope is, is that out of this violence and terror comes this notion that teachers have got to be -- and by the way, the teachers have got an unbelievably hard job to not only teach, but to show concern and compassion. They've got their own lives to live, they've got their own families to raise many times, and now they've got to deal with yet another family situation, Pete. But yet, nevertheless, that is where the compassion -- you notice, you didn't say, I went to a program. You named three individuals that were heroic in your lives. And that's the way it works. 

Now, teaching character matters, no question about it, and there's some great curriculum to do it. But the truth of the matter is, all this need to say, I love you, comes from your soul. And so, hopefully, out of these tragedies will come the sense of communal obligation all throughout our country, for people to take an extra effort to comfort the lonely. That could be a student or a teacher -- Pete, in your case, a tennis coach. Still got a backhand? Anyway, thank you, buddy. It's good to see you again. 

Yes, ma'am. Oh, yes, sir. 

Q Up until yesterday, I was a Walt Disney imagineer for 16 years, but I have quit that activity to commit myself for the rest of my life to a character education program that my sister and her husband and I created 15 years ago, on a little island in the Pacific Northwest, called The Virtues Project. And it is exactly what I think many people are looking for, because it reaches the heart, it is a multi-faith, multi-cultural effort to simply teach five strategies that help people practice virtues in everyday life. 

What we've learned in 85 countries where this is applied is that values are culture specific; virtues are universal to every sacred tradition. So simply practicing virtues in the home, in the school, in the workplace makes a shift in the culture. 

And I am offering my love and my admiration for so many goodwilled people in this room for bringing this group of people together. It's so exciting. And we're simply here to support whatever is going on. 

THE PRESIDENT: Yes, thanks for doing what you're doing. See, this is a -- our country is blessed by the fact that we have people who stand up and say, I want to contribute, like you. Just retired yesterday? You don't look a day over 60. Anyway. (Laughter.) 

But, see, Craig, what you're doing and what this gentleman is doing will stimulate a lot of -- as you said, you've talked to a million kids, or a million people -- same with you, sir. I believe that there is no single answer, no single program. It's a mosaic of programs all stimulated because people have decided to do something about the problem. And it's really the uniqueness of the country. 

I like to remind our fellow citizens that de Tocqueville recognized this in 1832, the fact that voluntary organizations came together to help solve local problems. And it is -- in my judgment, it is this capacity of citizens to take action to solve problems that defines the true greatness of America. 

And, Pete, to answer your question about government, government's role, in many ways, is to stimulate and to encourage and to thank people who have taken it upon themselves to either start character education, or go into classrooms and to change society one person at a time. 

Yes, sir. 

Q Mr. President, my name is Marvin Nash. I represent the Bullying Hurts Program, and the NASH Foundation, which stands for "No Adolescent Should Hurt," from Cheyenne, Wyoming. I want to let you know that I will be traveling back to Nashville, Tennessee, where Storme Warren, with Great American Country, and Charlie Daniels will be helping me make PSAs to address this issue. Instead of talking about my program, I want to give my time up to this lady right here. She spent seven -- she spent her time with 17 students locked in a closet at Columbine, and she has a question for you. So we're not going to talk about me, we're going to talk about her. 

THE PRESIDENT: Thank you, buddy. Nice-looking hat. 

Q Mr. President, Madam Secretary of Education, Marleen, Craig, and everybody else, my name is Judy -- I'm just a regular person. I don't have a radio talk show. (Laughter.) And I don't -- I'm not in charge of a big major organization. I am a flight attendant for Frontier Airlines, and I'm shaking right now because I didn't think I was going to get up here. And I'm also a proud, retired teacher from Columbine High School. 

And I think everything I was going to say just kind of flew out of my mind. I'm also a professional volunteer. And I am not here to ask for money for any program. When I said, professional volunteer I don't mean I make money volunteering, but there are a whole group of just regular people like me out there. Even though I retired from Columbine, I have a daughter at Columbine right now who is a junior. I volunteer in the post-grad center there. I volunteer with the cheer squad, the football team, and it doesn't always take a lot of money to get things done. It's little people like me. I don't mean in size. I mean, it's little people like me who get there, little people like us. Like Grand Daddy Wong used to say, okay, one stick, you break it one at a time, but if we stick together, we can get it done. 

I'm just saying unless us volunteers -- I always have time to volunteer, and I know other people do, too, and it's what Craig was saying, it comes from the heart. President Bush, it's what you were saying. It's what our parents taught us, and it's what we need to teach our kids. It's that -- I hope I don't pronounce it wrong -- generativity, where we help to make the next generation better. So I'm sorry I forgot what my question was. (Laughter.) 

THE PRESIDENT: What matters is your testimony, not your question. Thank you. (Applause.) 

Last question, and I've got to go. He's also reminding me, actually I'm on a schedule here. I apologize. I'd like to sit here all day, listening, and I am inspired that so many came to talk about this subject. 

Yes, ma'am. 

Q Good afternoon, Mr. President, Madam Secretary. I'm a youth programs director in New York City for a nonprofit called Art of Living Foundation. And like a lot of these wonderful people here, we teach a program in human values and stress management for teenagers and how to handle their negative emotions, which they just don't learn I'm finding nowadays. And what I have students constantly asking me is, can't this be a class in our school? Can we learn human values and universal ethics that are found in every culture, but they're not being taught -- a lot of times not at home, they're not being taught. And they're definitely not always being taught in schools. There's some amazing public school teachers, but there's also some very stressed-out public school teachers. 

THE PRESIDENT: Absolutely. 

Q Can this be -- is there a way to have a class in public school where students learn stress management and the ability to deal with their own anger, frustration and violent tendencies, and also to learn human values and actually practice them? Can they receive credit for a class like this? This is what students are asking, and I have superintendents coming to me saying what can you do -- we'll give credit to students for doing this. Is there a way we can do that? 

SECRETARY SPELLINGS: Well, those are state curriculum issues, and lots of states have included character education or programs like that as part of their required curriculum, and give credit for it. But I would commend all those superintendents to their state board of education and put them to work. We had some of that in Texas and gave a lot of credit for peer mentoring and those sorts of things that are so supportive of kids. 

THE PRESIDENT: I am sorry for those of you standing in line. I know, I apologize. 

Q Time for one more? 

THE PRESIDENT: Okay, one final guy -- go ahead. (Laughter.) 

Q I wanted to explain why I had on a bright red jacket. 

THE PRESIDENT: Yes, that's why. (Laughter.) 

Q I appreciate it. 

THE PRESIDENT: Thank you for coming. 

Q My name is Michael H. Smith, and I'm the president for Family, Career and Community Leaders of America. We are an in-school, high school, and middle school organization focusing on the family. Our main mission is to promote family as the basic unit of society. 

And I'm happy I got to follow up after your question because we are -- family consumer sciences -- its curriculum in high schools and middle schools is teaching character education, that is teaching youth violence prevention. We're teaching career exploration. Because of our title, Family and Consumer Sciences and Family, Career and Community Leaders of America, we address every one of the issues that's been presented in the discussions and in this room. And we are willing and wanting to partner with every single person in here to help students get this message out to students. We're about peer-to-peer message sharing. We want each and every student in our organization, which reaches about a quarter of a million students, to be a lot broader than that. We want to touch every student in America through our programs and through our mission to promote family as the basic unit of society, and the values thereof. 

So I thank you, Mr. President, Mrs. Bush -- 

Q Why the red coat? (Laughter.) Just so you got called on? I mean, is there a -- (laughter.) 

Q I just wanted that. No, our colors in the organization are red and white. 

THE PRESIDENT: Fabulous. 

Q So all of the officers wear our red jackets. 

THE PRESIDENT: I, once again, apologize. I've got to get on an airplane. But I do want to thank you all for coming. I hope you have found this interesting. I am a results-oriented person, and I expect from Margaret and Al to make sure that out of all this effort comes some concrete action to help people understand what is possible, what is doable, the programs that are working. And the head of the Sheriff's Department readily sprung to his feet to say, you can count on me. 

The purpose has got to be more than just hoping somebody is listening to TV. The purpose has got to be, out of this that we share information so that we can save lives, encourage parents, and help people respond. 

And I want to thank you all very much for coming. I'm proud you're here. God bless you all. (Applause.) 

END 2:21 P.M. EDT   

..

From:	woody <woody@aeneas.net>
Sent:	Monday, January 1, 2007 9:27 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Request for a Florida Highway map

I am sorry that I have to send this request to your office.  However, I have been trying for several months to get someone to send me a Florida highway map.  Could you help me please or send me to another address where I might get some help?  Thanks and Happy New Year. 
 Woody Williams   36 Twilight Cove   Jackson, TN  38305
