From:	John Nooney <vendo5@yahoo.com>
Sent:	Wednesday, July 19, 2006 12:01 AM
To:	duvaltaxpayers@googlegroups.com; Susan C Eastman; edgrey@comcast.net; Nicki Edwards; EMI-Section508@dhs.gov; Edward Eng; Robin Engel; Wayne Ezell; features@detnews.com; FEMA; Ander Crenshaw; John Crescimbeni; criscoinc2@aol.com; James B Crooks; John Culbreth; Lad Daniels; Marti Davenport; Dan Davis; Davis, Don; Todd Davison; dcpitman@aol.com; john delaney; Denis&Francine; Doreen DiCarlo; Don Dingman; donnie sing; John Draper; Connie Durand; Tiffany Busby; Governor Jeb Bush; Shirley Buterbaugh; sue carlson; Carlton, Lisa; Carroll, Jennifer; carter@carterbryangroup.com; cavuto@foxnews.com; cbs47news@ccjax.com; Carolyn Chatman; Richard Cheney; cityc@coj.net; Mike Clark; Richard Clark; Tim Clower; comments@whitehouse.gov; commuter@detnews.com; Ed Conley; mitch cooksey; Sharon Copeland; MIKE Corrigan; Alison Bethel; bhill@courier-journal.com; Mike Bianchi; Mack Bissette; Susan Bitting; biz@detnews.com; Rick Blackwell; BobBill; bobby.fitzsimmons@ahlcorp.com; Bob Boteler; Brian Bowman; Christopher Boyd; John Bozzo; Brinson; Beverly Brooks; Elaine Brown; Mickee Brown; Philip Bruce; Cecil Brumley; Jim Adams; Laura Algeo; amrivers@amrivers.org; Jess Anderton; anne Keller; Neil armingeon; Carolyn Artman; aschindler@folioweekly.com; aunt Mary; Marty Bahamonde; Jean Baker; James Bassham; tony bates; david bauerlein; Bruce Baughman; Bean, Aaron; Mike Beeman; vendo5@yahoo.com
Subject:	Fwd: DUVAL HURRICANE EVACUATION COULD TAKE MORE THAN 70 HOURS, Chan Krieger & Associates June 16-18, 2004, Balfour Beatty can give the OFWB to the state for free or Jacksonville, The settlement with Balfour Beatty the contractor of record who originally v
Attachments:	DUVAL HURRICANE EVACUATION COULD TAKE MORE THAN 70 HOURS 

Somebody, Anybody outside of Duval County Florida, Please help.
 
                                                                                     Sincerely,
                                                                                     John Nooney
PS. It's not to late to correct this mistake. Go to "metjax.com" go to Downtown Jacksonville and read the thread about the Fuller Warren. 

Note: forwarded message attached.

  _____  

Want to be your own boss? Learn how on Yahoo! Small Business. 
From:	carlos torres <ctorres3@bellsouth.net>
Sent:	Tuesday, July 18, 2006 11:24 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Do something

Would you please tell your brother to help stop the bombing in Labanon.
From:	DMTKWEBB@aol.com
Sent:	Tuesday, July 18, 2006 10:45 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Re: Girls' Softball Team Needs Help

Thank you. Little League International stepped in and the issue has been handled. Again, thank you.
 
Sincerely,
David Webb
From:	Ambassador Leo E Wanta <somam@prodigy.net>
Sent:	Tuesday, July 18, 2006 10:18 PM
To:	president@whitehouse.gov; Attorney General Alberto Gonzales; Governor Jeb Bush; Mr Dick Cheney; The Honorable Dick Cheney
Cc:	Officer in Charge; Chairman Marc Racicot; Messr David Rexrode RNC Directeur; Executive Directeur Mark L. Stephens; Team Leader; Mark Stephens NRSC Executive Directeur; Ken Mehlman; President/CEO Bobby Eberle; Martin Gillespie; Martin Gillespie; Diplomate Kiesling; Alex Vogel_Barry Banker_Steve Smith; First Lady Laura Bush; Mrs Lynne Cheney
Subject:	Lawful Recovery of Repatriation Funds captured by FedRes without lawful authority >>>
Attachments:	pat1524138821

Suddenly, it became very apparent that the FedResSystem decided to  simply           " capture/freeze " said lawful Corporate Offshore Funds so they are not immediately available to AmeriTrust Groupe, Inc _ and _ The United States Department of the Treasury - Office of the Secretary.
 
AmeriTrust Groupe, Inc. Board of Directors has never authorized - nor considered - that the recovered monetary funds would be unlawfully misplaced within the FedRes - until someone sees fit to release the corporate recovery funds directly to AmeriTrust Groupe, Inc. banking coordinates, as agreed upon previously with the White House - Office of the Presidency.
 
Question : 
 
    Who really is in charge of Our Great Nation and Our National Economy ?
From:	NYLA <mtndewlady1@bellsouth.net>
Sent:	Tuesday, July 18, 2006 10:09 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	[*] BACK ISRAEL

GOV. BUSH:
 
I JUST WANTED TO ASK YOU TO DO ALL YOU CAN ON BACKING ISRAEL.
 
ALTHOUGH AMERICA IS IN A MESS WITH GROUPS WANTING GOD TAKEN OUT OF EVERYTHING, I PRAY YOU WILL BACK ISRAEL AS THE NATION THAT BACKS ISRAEL, GOD WILL BLESS, AND HE HAS BLESSED AMERICA AND WILL CONTINUE AS LONG AS WE BACK AMERICA.
 
DON'T BACK DOWN ON ANYTHING WHERE THE BIBLE/GOD IS CONCERNED.
 
SINCERELY,
NYLA FARLOW
PO. BOX 466
MILTON, FL. 32572
"AS FOR ME AND MY HOUSE WE WILL SERVE THE LORD."
JOSHAU  24:15
From:	Henry Tenenbaum <drdad7@comcast.net>
Sent:	Tuesday, July 18, 2006 9:19 PM
To:	Alan J. Lewis; Andrew Todd; Anna Deem; Bradlee Tenenbaum; capprice switlik; Cynical3@aol.com; Holli Bodner; dona simidian; Howie Drourr; foxytcher3@aol.com; Fred Bloom; John & Mike Gaynor; Ann Govea - Bee; Governor Jeb Bush; Glenn Sacks; Avis Hirsch; Jerry/Claudia Hodan; Maria Ortiz; Jan Tenenbaum; John Carrier; KathyMorgan; Marshall Klein; Sandy Landau; Linda Swenson; Machell; irving roth; Priscilla Savage; Lauren Wisnowski; Traci Lederman; Amy Williamson; Cydney Yerushalmi; Cecelia Yocum; Susan Zalkin
Cc:	Sara and Glenn Todd
Subject:	Thanks for Bush- Leadership!


Please take a moment to send this thank you to President Bush for his
unwavering commitment to Israel. His leadership over this past week was
exemplary and he is truly committed to expressing the truth!


I copied this from the ADL, please modify and send to Bush and any
congressman/representative as you deem appropriate.

Thanks,

Henry- Pray for Israel!


Thank you for your principled leadership and strong support for Israel¹s
right to respond to escalating acts of aggression against her sovereign
territory by Hezbollah and Hamas.

The rest of the world should follow your lead by unambiguously identifying
Hamas, Hezbollah and the states that provide them with funding, armaments,
and tactical support, Syria and Iran, as those responsible for the current
escalation of tensions.

 

Sincerely,


From:	Barbara Capps <bgcapps@yahoo.com>
Sent:	Tuesday, July 18, 2006 9:13 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush; Bowen, Marty; Ross, Dennis; Stargel, John; Troutman, Baxter; Alexander, JD; Paula Dockery; Tom Lee; Cong. Adam Putnam; Mel Martinez
Subject:	Senators who voted to give illegal aliens social security benefits.

 
Senator Martinez, 
This email was sent to me and I just want to know if you are happy to be connected with this group.   What are you going to do when the Social Security goes bankrupt because you have voted to GIVE it to the illegal immigrants.  By the way I don't agree with the way you are voting on the immigration issues.  You are not working for the American People who work and pay taxes which in turn pays YOUR PAYCHECK!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  When are you going to start considering the American People and the immigrants who are here legally and vote according to their wishes, not big business??????????????  And, as the email that was sent to me I am forwarding this to people in other states and in Florida especially hoping that they also will let you know their wishes on your voting record.
Barbara Capps
 
 
SENATORS WHO VOTED TO GIVE ILLEGAL ALIENS SOCIAL SECURITY BENEFITS

this came to me from GA State & Region 1 Coordinator, National League of Families for POW/MIAs
President, GA Committee for POW/MIAs Inc.




THESE ARE THE SENATORS WHO VOTED TO GIVE ILLEGAL ALIENS SOCIAL SECURITY BENEFITS. REGARDLESS OF POLITICAL PARTY, THESE POLITICIANS NEED TO BE DEFEATED IN 2006, 2008 OR 2010 WHENEVER THEY COME UP FOR OFFICE.
SEND THIS TO ANYONE YOU KNOW IN ANY OF THE STATES LISTED. THE ENTIRE POPULATION OF THE UNITED STATES NEED TO KNOW THIS INFORMATION. THAT IS UNLESS THEY DO NOT MIND SHARING THEIR SOCIAL SECURITY WITH FOREIGN WORKERS WHEN AMERICAN CITIZENS ARE BEING LEFT OUT.


Grouped by Home State
Alabama:




Alaska:


Stevens (R-AK), Yea
Arizona:


McCain (R-AZ), Yea
Arkansas:
Lincoln (D-AR), Yea
Pryor (D-AR), Yea
California:
Boxer (D-CA), Yea
Feinstein (D-CA), Yea
Colorado:


Salazar (D-CO), Yea
Connecticut:
Dodd (D-CT), Yea
Lieberman (D-CT), Yea
Delaware:
Biden (D-DE), Yea
Carper (D-DE), Yea
Florida:
Martinez (R-FL), Yea


Georgia:




Hawaii:
Akaka (D-HI), Yea
Inouye (D-HI), Yea
Idaho:




Illinois:
Durbin (D-IL), Yea
Obama (D-IL), Yea
Indiana:
Bayh (D-IN), Yea
Lugar (R-IN), Yea
Iowa:


Harkin (D-IA), Yea
Kansas:
Brownback (R-KS), Yea


Kentucky:




Louisiana:
Landrieu (D-LA), Yea


Maine:




Maryland:
Mikulski (D-MD), Yea
Sarbanes (D-MD), Yea
Massachusetts:
Kennedy (D-MA), Yea
Kerry (D-MA), Yea
Michigan:
Levin (D-MI), Yea
Stabenow (D-MI), Yea
Minnesota:




Mississippi:




Missouri:




Montana:
Baucus (D-MT), Yea


Nebraska:
Hagel (R-NE), Yea


Nevada:


Reid (D-NV), Yea
New Hampshire:




New Jersey:
Lautenberg (D-NJ), Yea
Menendez (D-NJ), Yea
New Mexico:
Bingaman (D-NM), Yea


New York:
Clinton (D-NY), Yea
Schumer (D-NY), Yea
North Carolina:




North Dakota:


Dorgan (D-ND), Yea
Ohio:
DeWine (R-OH), Yea
Voinovich (R-OH), Yea
Oklahoma:




Oregon:


Wyden (D-OR), Yea
Pennsylvania:


Specter (R-PA), Yea
Rhode Island:
Chafee (R-RI), Yea
Reed (D-RI), Yea
South Carolina:


Graham (R-SC), Yea
South Dakota:
Johnson (D-SD), Yea


Tennessee:




Texas:




Utah:




Vermont:
Jeffords (I-VT), Yea
Leahy (D-VT), Yea
Virginia:




Washington:
Cantwell (D-WA), Yea
Murray (D-WA), Yea
West Virginia:


Rockefeller (D-WV), Not Voting
Wisconsin:
Feingold (D-WI), Yea
Kohl (D-WI), Yea
Wyoming:


  _____  

Want to be your own boss? Learn how on Yahoo! Small Business. 
From:	Emercy2003@aol.com
Sent:	Tuesday, July 18, 2006 9:04 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	  Israel  Commentary

 
 The West, particulary the U.S. leaders, do not understand Fundamental
 Islam __ which according to the Koran and Islamic history, is the only TRUE expression of Islam.
Based on these same founding documents, the so called " Moderate Muslims" are labled  " apostates " by the Fundamentalists of both the Shi'ite ayatollahs of Iran, and the Sunni followers of Wahhabism.
 
It's time for the world to wake up, and I pray especially for our President and his cabinet to open their eyes to reality.   Muslims understand only one language, " overwhelming power and the will to use it.  " Fundamental Islam views  kindness, comprimise and appeasement as weakness and a failing of will to fight to survieve. They see it as a sign that it is time to move in for the kill 
( just as we see in the animal kingdom ).
 
There is an even larger issue here, I believe God gave a miraculous victory in the SIX DAY WAR of June 1967. God gave Israel back the land that He had promised them as an  EVERLASTING  possession. He did this at just the time He promised -- in the " latter days " when He began to bring them back from their Second Dispersion.
 
Rather than believe their own Bible, Israeli leaders began to succumb to world pressure rather than believe God's promises.  Piece by piece,  Israeli leaders gave Muslim usurpers, who were bent upon destroying them,  land that God had miraculously restored to them.
 
It is important to note that every Israeli leader that was responsible for this met with tragic ends !   Menachem Begin,  who gave away the Sinai, resigned in disgrace in 1983, dying in seculusion in 1992.
 
Yitzhak Rabin, who was responsible for setting in motion the most disasterous
compromise of faith of all -- the Oslo Accord --, was assassinated.
 
The former great general,  Ariel Sharon,  betrayed the Jewish settlers in Gaza that he had encouraged to move there and gave Gaza away.   He suffered a catastrophic stroke from which he will not return.
 
Israel is now in the most dangerous position it has been in since the founding of the State. I believe it is because they have tried to make peace with an enemy that openly declares their ultmate goal is the destruction of Israel.
 
More importantly, I believe all this disaster is happening because Israelites 
have not believed and followed their own prophets !
 
The God of Israel, in sovereign grace, has sworn that this State that has been miraculously restored from the predicted second worldwide dispersion will NEVER be totally destroyed again. God does warn that Israel will go through terrible tribulation before the messiah comes and fullfills His unconditional
covenants with a believing remnant of Israelites. This predicted tribulation is to sift out the TRUE believers in Israel from those who don't believe.
 
I fear for my country and it's leaders. If we continue to push Israel to give away land and accept a two -- State solution that any sane person can see will never work,  God will judge the United States.  We will fall overnite when God's judgement comes.  God has sworn concerning  Israel,  " I bless those who bless you, and the one who curses you I will curse ".  That devine oath has  NEVER  BEEN  RESCINDED." !   The rise and fall of nations and empires can be traced to God keeping this oath.
 
The U.S. must not fall in with the other world leaders and demand that Israel give only a " measured and balanced response " to the unprovoked atrocities
Iran, Syria and their surrogates, Hamas, Hizbollah, have brought upon Israel.
If Israel does not TOTALLY  DESTROY  these terrorists organizations NOW,
they will face endless violence and suffering.
 
May The Lord of Israel and The TRUE MESSIAH, The Lord JESUS, defend 
Israel and open the eyes of many  ----  both Christians and Israelites.
 
Hal Lindsey
From:	Peter Christian <peterjchristian@yahoo.com>
Sent:	Tuesday, July 18, 2006 8:43 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	private and personal for    the president and jeb bush   thank you !

Dear Mr.  President ....sir  the messages to the president are real and important and I have a real passion to see that they are received ....please forgive me if  I seem to get carried away I mean no harm. millions of people must have plenty to share every day and a flood of mail must pour in alot seven days a week and around the clock also. I repeat the e....mail over and over and over to make sure they are noticed and seen...please forgive me for trying sow hard sir....Im doing the best I can to bless america and her people plus the president ! for over 20 years ive been a blessing to many people and ministries and christian broadcasters who went from a few dollars to billions and more still !!!   your friend peter joseph christian ....thank you sir....God bless america and God bless you too !

  _____  

Do you Yahoo!?
Next-gen email? Have it all with the all-new Yahoo! Mail Beta.
From:	John J Meyer <johanjj@juno.com>
Sent:	Tuesday, July 18, 2006 7:56 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Governor Jeb Bush's educational reform has created a dictatorship in our school system.

Dear Govenor,

The "Home Rule" is a provision of the Florida Constitution, it provides
for local governance of schools without management intervention from
Tallahassee. This is an open door policy for misuse of rank.     

The "Employment At-will State”, is being misused by Polk County school
politicians for their political interest. 

The “Florida Home Rule” and the "Employment at-will State” are being
misused interactively by Polk County school politicians and not for the
best interest of our students and our educational system.  

20 Teachers and 7 paraprofessionals have been dismissed from teaching by
Dr. Clinton Wright no reason given. Governor Jeb Bush educational reform
has created a dictatorial administration in our school systems.

Dr. Clinton Wright for a difference of opinion has dismissed me from
teaching. When I came back from summer vacation I found all my study
material placed in boxes in the hallway. The hard drive had been take out
of the school computer with my prepared lessons to start the second
semester. This is a violation of 447,501 (1) (a) and (b) of Florida
Status (2004)’1, Pursuant to section 447,503(20). This is a violation of
447,501 (1) (a) and (b) of Florida Status (2004)’1, Pursuant to section
447,503(20). My civil rights have been violated by the Polk County School
Board for not following due process. 

From the desk of Glenda Hood, Florida’s Secretary of State; Florida is an
"employment at-will" state. An employer can terminate an employee for any
reason, at any time, without advance notification so long as there is no
violation of federal or state law. Polk County violated 447,501 (1) (a)
and (b) of Florida Status (2004)’1, Pursuant to section 447,503(20),
including school board regulation 60X53-8, 004 (C). School employee Debby
Davis has been assigned to do the administration. Governor Jeb Bush
claims in writing that he is powerless to look into this matter by a
provision of the “Home Rule“.

I have not only been discriminated against but also harassed, humiliate
for all school employees and students to see. The fundraising campaign
did run through March 10. I continued to receive pledge forms in my
school mailbox including one illegally placed in my home mailbox. I kept
on teaching under those absurd circumstances for 6 month. It ended with a
dismissal for a difference of opinion in the middle of a semester. No one
should have to accept this type of abuse in a Florida Public School
System. 

In the past I donated my time to train minorities and women to pass a
mechanics test. On August 17, 2005, School Board Attorney Deming Cowles
wrote to me that the school “can dismiss you for you’ re [sic] ethnic
background....’ no explanation needed “. Calling names in place of
solving a problem. 

I have been unable to receive a hearing by the Polk County School Board,
denied representation from local Senators or Representatives. Polk County
Commissioners and Florida attorneys are declining to look into this
matter. Governor Jeb Bush claims in writing that he is powerless to look
into this matter. 

Every American has the right to have a hearing in a civil rights dispute.
Governor Jeb Bush educational reform is violating Civil Rights Laws. 

For the sake of our students, our educational and our justice system
every Senators and Representatives in the State of Florida has an
obligation to look into the misuse of the following Florida laws. The
“Florida Home Rule” and the "Employment at-will State”. Ignoring this for
political reasons is not justifiable. 

I have been an excellent part-time electrical instructor at Brevard
Community College for many years and should be entitled to teach again in
the Polk County School system. 

Friday, May 5th, 2006, the day that the Florida Legislature gave final
approval to House Bill 1123, the "Government Accountability Act." 

I want you to know this whole matter has been eating me alive and
therefore I should be entitled to an explanation. 

Sincerely yours,

John J. Meyer
404 Whitman Rd.
Winter Haven Fl. 33884

From:	b2barrios@aol.com
Sent:	Tuesday, July 18, 2006 7:39 PM
To:	Murzin, Dave; jeff.miller@mailhouse.gov; district2@co.escambia.fl.us; district1@co.escambia.fl.us; district4@co.escambia.fl.us; district3@co.escambia.fl.us; district5@co.escambia.fl.us; george_touart@co.escambia.fl.us; clary.charlie.web@flsenate.gov; Governor Jeb Bush; jeffmoon@gulftel.com; mberson@gulftel.com; bharris@ihmc.us; senator@melmartinez.senate.gov; ikesbeachservice@yahoo.com; Evers, Greg
Cc:	b2barrios@aol.com; philipjmartin@aol.com; miacella@cox.net; chuck@chuckbarnes.com; blagman@gulftel.com; JWDAWG501@aol.com; brenda@gulfcoastarea.com; consolidatedusa@yahoo.com; BShiv@aol.com; tom@realpropertyplace.com; panamamac@cox.net; savavarazo@cox.net; Vern@vernonhunt.com; rmwineki@yahoo.com; julian@innisfree.com; genev@collectorsolutions.com; Roger@innisfree.com; Jeff@Innisfree.com; anthonybaroco@bellsouth.net; christina@innisfree.com; wecavalier@aim.com; randy@adventureperdido.com; durant@whsbf-law.com; crossjet@gulftel.com; btccomdan@aol.com; brucie@gulffrontproperties.com; Pat_Mac_49@hotmail.com; Elaine@come2perdidokey.com; julianbeall@tjbeall.com; lol4u2@earthlink.net; donwgay@yahoo.com; packandship2@aol.com; arabella_58@yahoo.com; conchhouse@cableone.net; snellconst@aol.com; atdt@cox.net; larrylisa@bellsouth.net; rhalz007@bellsouth.net; bellewatch@yahoo.com; Valerie@perdidokey.com; chuck@chuckbarnes.com; mimibass@pelicanproperty.com; LINDABEATON535@msn.com; reelfun2@att.net; wandacross@wcicommunities.com; karen@sweetwaterrealtyinc.com; durant@whsbf-law.com; Gonzobil@aol.com; brucie@gulffrontproperties.com; lanne@C21CoastProperties.com; tootiegreen@gulftel.com; msframer@aol.com; philipjmartin@aol.com; mpintarelli@att.net; blitzp@cox.net; Timpyle@wcicommunities.com; Dansavage815@aol.com; maxcat@gulftel.com; savavarazo@cox.net; debsedes@aol.com; dewatt37@yahoo.com; zenosold@gulftel.com; whitner@cox.net; Roger@innisfree.com; gulfbeachrealty@bellsouth.net; tyme4sandyfeet@yahoo.com; diannabender@yahoo.com; sean@pgm.us; dslamar@bellsouth.net; rwkimlaw@aol.com; raley@gulftel.com; mwarrington@besfairhope.com; bgaar@volkert.com; dslamar@bellsouth.net; visualfx@gulftel.com; Rich@perdidokeyrealty.com; jbonthekey@alltel.net; Mrfugler@aol.com; dpeaden@hbawf.com; sally.rogers@suntrust.com; emilepetro@bellsouth.net; margaretkiely@bankofpensacola.com; jramey@cariberesort.com; Robgean@bellsouth.net; marcymann@hotmail.com; reelfun2@att.net; alan.brockman1@wachovia.com; jbonthekey@alltel.net; pelicanmanagement@cox.net; admonster@aol.com; durant@whsbf-law.com; msframer@aol.com; Pat_Mac_49@hotmail.com; atdt@cox.net; fit@pac.gccoxmail.com; sailor285@bellsouth.net; gking46@bellsouth.net; fmorgan@mdecorps.com; biggestfish1@email.msn.com; JntLambert@aol.com; KILLRB@cox.net; Hynez@aol.com; abacani@resortquest.com; mtsmith601@cox.net; gatman2@earthlink.net; cassarab@mindspring.com; Viglie@aol.com; vknapp@mtco.com; EdenOwners@aol.com; dnielsen@tractor-equipment.com; kbhester@cox.net; leon.d.williams@pcola.med.navy.mil; Cconrad2@aol.com; perdidopam@cox.net; susyfromfl@webtv.net; RWKIMLAW@aol-motw.com; tmiller225@cox.net; TDontheKey@aol.com; herbwilliams@prodigy.net; Skibums808@aol.com; dbabikow@cox.net; quinnan@epix.net; hopegene@juno.com; marionskalicky@cox.net; Rploveless@aol.com; scarleton@pointesouth.com; hlt3@bellsouth.net; JAKINSER@aol.com; B2BARRIOS@aol-motw.com; jmalarm@hotmail.com; gggreen@compuserve.com; kwoodall@charter.net; BLane7151@aol.com; Edans3@wmconnect.com; d.k.jens@att.net; southernx@worldnet.att.net; herbmarchbanks@msn.com; DADDADSMOM@aol.com; rwert@gtronline.com; pkolencik@clarion.edu; bander2@cox.net; GPET@COX.NET; huntpr@bellsouth.net; Cocophone@aol.com; fredlickfold@charter.net; bufords@sports.rr.; wandacross@wcicommunities.com; karen@sweetwaterrealtyinc.com; DAVIS3453@aol.com; UrnaARTzone@aol.com; tferguson@wsre.org; vaf@pacificlegal.org; Mrfugler@aol.com; fredg89@cox.net; nanweaver@cox.net; estdean@cox.net; genev@collectorsolutions.com; maureenv@collectorsolutions.com; randy@adventureperdido.com; lol4u2@earthlink.net; tootiegreen@gulftel.com; rwkimlaw@aol-motw.com; dmarnell@perdidochamber.com; mmiltenberger@earthlink.net; brettnorman@pensacolanewsjournal.com; markobrien@pensacolanewsjournal.com; dpeaden@hbawf.com; emilepetro@bellsouth.net; sally.rogers@suntrust.com; Dansavage815@aol.com; snellconst@aol-motw.com; bspeakman@perdidobaygolf.com; savavarazo@cox.net; debsedes@aol-motw.com; charles.bare@mailhouse.gov; csibley@headcompanies.com; dtillis@joe.com; alwingate@bellsouth.net; robert@islandmgt.com; tom@tg2006.com; gcri33@aol.com; pjackson@cqmjlaw.com; phelton@gulftel.com; ajdavenport@cox.net; sherriebaroco@aol.com; joel@pgm.us; scarleton@pointesouth.com; beckie@gulffrontproperties.com; george@scarboroughconsulting.com; saviak@aol.com; adavenport@cox.net
Subject:	Perdido Key Florida-Our Fight For the Truth

Dear concerned gulf coast resident or legislator,
 
Perdido Property Rights appreciates your support in our effort to oppose the revised critical habitat designation of all undeveloped private property on Perdido Key for the endangered Perdido Key Beach Mouse.
 
This federal action will negatively affect the economy of the entire gulf coast if approved.
 
Although the deadline for public comment has passed, we continue to prepare our opposition in the hopes that we will have an opportunity to meet with the government officials responsible for making the final decision on this matter.  
 
Our area was devastated by Hurricane Ivan.  Perdido Key has not been able to recover without permitted rebuilding.  Escambia County will not be able to sustain itself without redeveloping the tourism and real estate base that one of its only net-gain districts provide. 
 
US Fish & Wildlife has stagnated our recovery and threatens to negatively impact our economic future indefinitely with their claim to jurisdiction over "suitable habitat" for this species.  With 1,800 species listed on the ESA and 50 states, one cannot imagine a single US acre that would not be similarly considered "suitable" for one of the many plants, mammals, insects, fish or birds under the regulation of this agency.
 
Revised Critical Habitat designation for an endangered species requires that the local office (in this case Panama City) provide the Southeast Regional office in Atlanta, Sam Hamilton with a recommendation based on the best scientific data available, the economic impact study, peer review and public comments.  Gail Carmody will be formulating this recommendation promptly.
 
The recommendation will be brought by Mr. Hamilton to the National Director of USFW, Dale Hall, who will deliver a recommendation to the Asst. Secretary to the Dept of the Interior, which is a vacant seat at this time.
 
The decision and enactment must be in place by September 30, 2006 as ordered in the court settlement made by USFW with the Sierra Club.
 
The goal of Perdido Property Rights is to be granted an appointment to meet with these officials and counter balance the recommendation of USFW with the reality of the economic impact this species has had and will continue to have on Perdido Key and Escambia County if approved.  We are inquiring about meetings with both Dale Hall and the current Secretary to the Dept of the Interior, Dirk Kempthorne.
 
I have been speaking with Rob Gordon, aid to the House Resources Committee under Richard Pombo-CA, the staff of Jeff Miller our Florida Congressman, and other administrative asssistants to these officials in the hopes that we will be granted an opportunity to present these truths.
 
Any assistance your office can give that will help us be granted these necessary appointments in Washington, DC would be greatly appreciated.  Any donation to the efforts of Perdido Property Rights you can make or suggest to other local businesses would be put to great use.
 
If we are unable to deter this critical habitat designation, Pacific Legal Foundation is prepared to file a federal suit on our behalf against US Fish & Wildlife immediately to challenge the action.  Any effort we make before that time, even if unsuccessful, will assist our argument at a later date.
 
We thank you in advance for any assistance you can offer,
I am sincerely,
 
Beth Barrios
Perdido Property Rights, Inc.
(850) 380-1888
www.perdidopropertyrights.org
 
 
  _____  

MailScanner has detected a possible fraud attempt from "pr.atwola.com" claiming to be Check out AOL.com today. Breaking news, video search, pictures, email and IM. All on demand. Always Free.

From:	LCRVF@aol.com
Sent:	Tuesday, July 18, 2006 7:23 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush; news@kykernel.com; Opinion@kykernel.com; president@whitehouse.gov/webma
Subject:	Fwd: Fw:  Letter to Editor
Attachments:	Fw:  Letter to Editor

 


 
 
Subject: Letter to Editor

My wife, Rosemary, wrote a wonderful letter to the editor of the OC Register which, of course, was not printed. 
So, I decided to "print" it myself by sending it out on the Internet. 

Dave LaBonte (signed)

Written in response to a series of letters to the editor in the Orange County Register:

Dear Editor:

Many letter writers base their arguments on how this land is made up of immigrants. Ernie Lujan for one, 
suggests we should tear down the Statute of Liberty because the people now in question aren't
being treated the same as those who passed through Ellis Island and other ports of entry.

Maybe we should turn to our history books and point out to people like Mr. Lujan why today's American is unwilling to accept this new kind of 
immigrant any longer.

Back in 1900 when there was a rush from all over Europe to come to
the United States, people got off ships and stood in long lines in New York to be documented. Some even got down on their
hands and knees to kiss the ground. They made a pledge to uphold the
laws and support their new country in good and bad times. They made
learning English a priority in their new American households--some even changed their names to blend in with their new home.

They waved good bye to their birth place to give their children a
new life and did everything in their power to help their children
assimilate into one culture. Nothing was handed to them. No free
lunches, no welfare, no labor laws to protect them. All they had were
the skills and craftsmanship they brought with them to trade for a
future of prosperity.

Most of their children came of age when World War II broke out. My
father fought along side men whose parents came directly from
Germany, Italy, France and Japan. None of these 1st generation
Americans ever gave any thought about what country their parents had
come from.

They were Americans fighting Hitler, Mussolini and the Emperor of Japan.
They were defending the United States of America as one people.

When we liberated France, no one in those villages looked for the French-American or the German American or the Irish American. The people of France saw only Americans. And we carried one flag that
represented one country. Not one of those immigrant sons would have
thought about picking up another country's flag and waving it to
represent themselves. It would have been a disgrace to their parents
who had sacrificed so much to be here

These immigrants truly knew what it meant to be an American. They
stirred the melting pot into one red, white and blue bowl.


And here we are in 2006 with a new kind of immigrant who wants the same
rights and privileges. Only they want to achieve it by playing with a
different set of rules, ones that include the entitlement card and a
guarantee of being faithful to their mother country. I'm sorry,
that's not what being an American is all about.

I believe that the immigrants who landed on Ellis Island in the early
1900's deserve better than that for all the toil, hard work and
sacrifice in raising future generations to create a land that became a 
beacon for those legally searching for a better life. I think
they would be appalled that they are being used as an example by those
waving foreign country flags.

As for that suggestion about taking down the Statute of Liberty, it
happens to mean a lot to the citizens who are voting on the immigration
bill. I wouldn't talk about dismantling the United States just yet.

(signed)
Rosemary LaBonte

Checked by AVG Free Edition.
Version: 7.1.394 / Virus Database: 268.9.6/378 - Release Date: 6/28/2006


 
From:	Debbie Guarascio <Debbie-Guarascio@smh.com>
Sent:	Tuesday, July 18, 2006 7:14 PM
To:	DCF-OSES@DCF.com
Cc:	Governor Jeb Bush; lil_debbie_g@hotmail.com
Subject:	Safe Children's Coalition

Thank you for the prompt attention. My granson's name is Alexander Joseph Calloway residing in Bradenton, FL, Manatee Cnty.

My youngest daughter had Alex taken from her due to substance abuse (which lead to her not picking him up from the sitter). The next day SCC placed him with my oldest daughter who told SCC a couple of months ago that she could no longer take care of Alex due to physical and emotional health. I had placed a call before that happened to Tiffany Shultz and left voice mail asking her to return my call. She told my daughter that I had never called her (phone records would prove this is untrue. In a group meeting, which my oldest daughter attended it was said that I was not an option or I would have tried months ago to take him into my home. After they decided to place him in foster care because they wanted to close the case (said by Tiffany) my daughter called her and expressed my desire to care for him than called me at work and said Tiffany was waiting on me to call. I did call and Tiffany came out and did a home study and lead me to believe that all we would have to wait on was the background check to be done, I then asked her to please hold off on the foster care plan until they had me processed. They didn't and she showed up at my home to pick him up and said, "We've ran into a glich, there's a larceny showing on your background check." She said it may take a couple of weeks to clear it up. She also said that the same thing had happened to a client a couple of weeks before. We sat with Alex and she told him to just think of it as summer camp and he would be home soon. They left. The next day she said I was approved as long as I put a bed in my living room for him, which I did, and as soon as the background check was cleared all would be in place. Now we are a month down the road, my grandson is in emotional distress and I can't even get them to call back unless I call relentlessly. NEVER after one call and when she does call, we're still waiting on the company they use (BSU) for background checks to clear my name. She can't even tell me where or when this crime took place. I begged her to call them one afternoon and she would not. Her Supervisor has still not called me back from 2 weeks ago. I called both of them today and did not receive a call from either of them. Now I got a message from the guidem atlightem (misspelled) that she is very concerned about Alex's emotional state of mind and he is extremely sad. Please help me get him out of there and back where he can receive the love and emotional support he needs. He was lied to and I was lied to, they are doing nothing. There is no reason for concern in me letting him have contact with his mother, she is in jail until October and if I have to get a restraining order to keep her away, I will, I have before. the last call I received from Tiffany she told me they had moved him to another foster home (in less than a month) and when I got unset she said I understand I was upset to when I found out. (she didn't even know until after the fact) The one phone call I did receive from my grandson he asked me if I had finished the paper work yet so he could come home, so it sounds like they must be telling him something.
Please help right away, this is emotionally damaging him and the loger he is there the harder it will be to make him feel secure and safe.

Thank you,
Deborah Guarascio 

From:	michaelb_smith@bellsouth.net
Sent:	Tuesday, July 18, 2006 7:08 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	voter

Tuesday, July 18, 2006

mike smith
8024 southside blv. apt 208
jacksonville FL, 

John Bush
Executive Office of the Governor        
The Capitol                             
Tallahassee          FL, 32399-0001

RE: voter 

stop the mexican invasion.

start drilling in anwr.

pass the fair tax.

islam is not a peacefull religion!

Sincerely, 
mike smith

From:	Pablo M. Conde <quote@aaunderwriters.com>
Sent:	Tuesday, July 18, 2006 7:01 PM
To:	david.foy@fldfs.com
Cc:	Garcia, Rudy; Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Business Moving

Hello Mr.David Foy, 
 
We met on Monday at the insurance roundtable in Miami, thank you for taking the time to discuss such an important matter. We discussed several aspects of the long reaching effects of the current insurance crisis, one of which was businesses considering a move to another state were insurance is manageable. Today I went to see one of my accounts canceled by NPIC for lack of reinsurance, his expiring package premium with wind was $ 128,000, the best quote with wind I was able to obtain was $ 458,961, and without windstorm the premium would be $ 85,000. This insured is faced with the fact that his bank has indicated they will close his credit line if he does not produce the required insurance and his clients have indicated they will withhold payments for lack of insurance. This is a company with over 70 employees and has sales of over $ 20,000,000. The owner has indicated he will move his company to another state. This is not selling insurance, as I mentioned at our meeting, would it be possible to offer some kind of re-insurance coverage to companies that can prove they can not obtain it of can not purchase the required amounts in order to bring them back into the market and thus buy time until a permanent solution can be worked out. This will keep the carriers up front were they belong and the state behind the scene overseeing the carriers. 
 
Sincerely,
 

Pablo M. Conde  305-968-0187 cell

President

 

A & A UNDERWRITERS, INC.

UNDERWRITING ALL TYPES OF PERSONAL AND COMMERCIAL RISKS FOR ALMOST 30 YEARS.

 

305-220-7447 x106

305-220-4821 (fax)

pmc@aaunderwriters.com (e-mail)

 

For a complete listing of products and services, visit our website at: www.aaunderwriters.com
 
From:	SMB1280@aol.com
Sent:	Tuesday, July 18, 2006 6:41 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Re: [*] Question

Thanks for the reply...
Shirley Barton
From:	OfficerPersinger <officerpersinger@yahoo.com>
Sent:	Tuesday, July 18, 2006 6:39 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	RE: Please Help

Thank You for your time! 
Respectfully, James Persinger

  _____  

Talk is cheap. Use Yahoo! Messenger to make PC-to-Phone calls. Great rates starting at 1¢/min.
From:	Claude E. Farrior <eddie542@msn.com>
Sent:	Tuesday, July 18, 2006 6:10 PM
To:	Peaden, Durell; info@baxley4florida.com; Governor Jeb Bush; President@WhiteHouse.gov; no-reply@congress.org; Bill@billnelson.senate.gov
Cc:	jo542@msn.com; eddie542@msn.com
Subject:	Important message from DeFuniak Springs resident!!

Importance:	High

Another attempt to get some help or at least fair or equal treatment and I 
hope that it is not in vane!!


Senator Peaden here is the letter that my Wife wanted me to forward to You, 
Please read it and understand that I am at least waist deep in alligators 
and need some help, according to Becky in Senator Lee's office I have made 
some good points and at the very least should be able to get a clearance 
letter from Florida so that I can get a driver license in Alabama and have 
at least something like a life. Also according to Becky, You are the Man to 
get something done for me, She said that Ya'll were a very good bunch of 
people and might be able to help me. I very desperately hope so and very 
anxiously await hearing from You. Thanks for anything that You can do.
Very Sincerely Yours
Claude E. Farrior
eddie542@msn.com
603/978-4843--work cell phone
850/892-5291--Wifes home phone
57 Blue Gill Loop DeFuniak Springs, Florida,32433--Wifes home address


    From: "Glenda Farrior" <jo542@msn.com>
To: eddie542@msn.com
Subject: Senator
Date: Thu, 13 Jul 2006 17:48:00 -0500


July 14,2006

Dear Mr. Peadon,

I am sending you a letter that my husband sent off to a lot of offices in 
the Government, in hopes of getting some kind of response or help in this 
matter. There is so much involved that it would be nice to be able to sit 
down and talk to you about it rather than trying to explain it all,in this 
letter.
Today I had  phone call from Senator Tom Lee's office in response to this. A 
very nice lady named Becky called and said the letter was very interesting 
and had a lot of strong points. She agreed that what he said was true and 
that we should contact you here in our District, that someone could and 
needs to help us. My husband is not a criminal and has a right to make a 
living whether it is here in our home state or somewhere else. When I told 
Senator Lee's office about no one can assist us any further is the only 
thing we keep hearing, I was asked like who? For one the DMV because of the 
old Dui records from 20 years ago.The other the Assistant States Attorney 
here who seemed like he understood how important it was for my husband to be 
able to have a license in order to keep his job by terminating his probation 
and all, saying he could go to another State and get a license. I am sure 
that the State Attorney knew he was doing us no favors as he had to know 
without a letter of clearance this could not be possible. Which he will not 
help us get, instead he sends me a letter threatening to put my husband in 
jail if he returns to Florida, but that is where it makes no sense. All that 
that accomplished was he is threatened every day by losing his job if he 
cannot get a license,His family is here in Florida, but he cannot move them 
not knowing what tomorrow will bring and now he cannot even live in his home 
state unless he wants to go to jail. It seems like a pretty stupid and 
severe punishment here. It seems like the State is trying to make a criminal 
out of a hard working honest citizen. Anyway please read his letter and 
hopefully it will touch you as it did Senator Lee.
Thank You for your time,
Sincerely
Glenda Farrior
57 Blue Gill Loop
DeFuniak Springs, Florida 32433
850/892 5291

My Husbands letter and one more to another person follows:


                                      PARDON ME, PLEASE!!!!

Dear Governor Bush, President Bush or anybody that can understand, care or 
especially, possibly HELP!!!!: I am writing this letter in an attempt to 
save my life, it is true that I am not on death row even though it feels 
like it, because the State of Florida has sentenced me, and wrongly so in 
many people's opinion, a life of nothing by the possibility of causing me to 
lose my job due to refusing to work with me on my license matter, it is 
true, and I appreciate it, that the Assistant State Attorney in my 
County(Walton county-Florida) offered to release me from the probation and 
jail time and etc. if I agreed to leave the state of Florida and get a 
license in another state(sounds sort of like an old western doesn’t it!) , 
which I believe that the assistant state attorney knew would not be possible 
due to Florida's details on the national drivers register and refusing to 
give a release to the register so that I could get a license in another 
state and the assistant state attorney also answered a letter from my Wife 
with a threat to re-instate the already removed probation and jail time if I 
ever came back to Florida, my home!! There is no way that I can move my 
Family or ask them to relocate as long as I do not even know how long I will 
be able to keep my job unless I can secure a driver license, which I have 
discovered that several states will issue said license if Florida will give 
a letter of release on the register. So now I have to support two households 
(I can barely afford to support one) in an attempt to find a state that will 
issue me a license to drive which is what I have to get in order to retain 
my job. It is true, I was charged with drinking and driving, which I would 
venture to say that the majority of the population of this country has done 
from time to time, ESPECIALLY some politicians that You all know and I will 
not mention any names, but didn't get caught or punished to any degree. But 
I did not and never have had any alcohol related accident (unlike some 
politicians that we all know), hurt anyone else(unlike some politicians that 
we all know), NOR myself, speed or anything except weave when my motorcycles 
foot peg came loose and flopped down where I could not get my foot on it, I 
thought that it had broke off and was lost as it was late at night and I 
just wanted to get home (I also have a sworn statement from my Son-in-law, 
who went and drove it home for me the next day and He had problems driving 
it too, as anyone would have). I am asking for a pardon so as to be able to 
get a license in another state and call it home, since the State of 
Florida(and I am a native Floridian) doesn't seem to want such a dangerous 
criminal, You know what I mean here, I have had a few dui's so Florida 
doesn't want my tax dollars anymore and etc., I am not and never have been a 
criminal, I have worked hard all of my adult life so far and paid a lot of 
taxes and obeyed the law, in other words a good citizen and now over 
something that is politically motivated by a special interest group and the 
state deciding to change some laws(some years back and without the popular 
vote by We the People) I am a criminal!! Since it is obviously so easy for 
this state to make new or change old laws, why can’t they make a new law to 
allow such apparently unwanted and dangerous criminals like me to get a 
license in another state as long as I don’t drive in this state anymore, 
quite unjust and against my rights but at least a chance to save my job and 
have a life and at least some freedoms that all American citizens should be 
able to do!! I have made calls in many other states as I travel for work 
that do not consider DUI’s as felonies, unless there is personal injury to 
another party which is understandable, some states treat all DUI’s as 
misdemeanors, and there is one that I checked with that stated that drinking 
and driving is not a crime!! PLEASE give me a release and let me try to save 
what life I have left ( I am already 56 years old, not much of a threat in 
anyway to anybody) in a different state, hopefully a state that still 
respects our Constitution and our rights as American citizens, instead of 
making us all criminals, except the chosen few with powerful names or 
positions!
    In closing, please grant me a pardon, reprieve, expungement, stay of 
execution, political immunity or something so that I will at least have a 
fighting chance as I have done all that the state ordered me to do and have 
taken my punishment even as hard as it was to find time and money and 
someone to drive me around to get them done. Also, please understand that I 
am sure that there are thousands of illegal immigrants and actual criminals 
out there with a driver license and a life!!
Very Sincerely Yours
Claude E. Farrior
Eddie542@msn.com
Eddie542@hotmail.com
603/978-4843
850/892-5291—Wife’s home phone number (hopefully nobody will run Her out of 
town!)
Wife’s mailing address—57 Blue Gill Loop
                                        DeFuniak Springs
                                        Florida   32433

Here is the one sent to Sandra Lambert in the DMV office:

Dear Sandra Lambert this is just in case You did not get the previous one, 
for some reason the address did not look just right in the list below. Sorry 
if it is repetitive but I wanted to be sure that You get it. Thanks.
Claude E. Farrior
eddie542@msn.com


   From: "Glenda Farrior" <jo542@msn.com>
To: eddie542@msn.com, dlgov@hsmv.state.fl.us, jo542@msn.com
Subject: RE:
Date: Thu, 13 Jul 2006 08:53:21 -0500




   From: "Claude E. Farrior" <eddie542@msn.com>
To: jo542@msn.com, eddie542@msn.com
Subject: RE:
Date: Wed, 12 Jul 2006 20:05:20 -0500





Dear SANDRA C. LAMBERT in the first case, I did NOT voluntarily surrender my 
license, I got a letter from the DMV stating that I had to go to the local 
office and give them my license!! In the second case, I was convicted of a 
3rd this last time not a 4th and then was released by the assistant state 
attorney from my probation and jail time and etc. so that I could leave the 
state of Florida and get a license in another state, this is what He was 
willing to do in order to help me save my job, according to Him. It is 
obvious, by this action on His part, that I am not a criminal and do not 
deserve this death sentence and I say death sentence because if I lose my 
job it will be the same as losing everything that I have worked hard to get, 
paid taxes, voted, obeyed the law and was in general a good citizen and now 
due to laws that cater to special interest groups not only am I turned into 
a criminal but my Wife and every member of my Family, whether directly or 
indirectly, are being hurt and condemned too!!! Not, in my opinion and the 
opinion of many other people that I have told about it, fair, just or in 
anyway right in a free country, I should say a supposedly free country and I 
say this because I have never hurt anyone else, never had an alcohol related 
accident and I was on my motorcycle which would eliminate any chance of me 
hurting someone else or causing any personal or state property damage or 
anything of this nature so why not make the punishment fit the so called 
offense. I have recently heard of a case right here that the person was 
convicted of a 4th DUI and got a fine, a few days in jail, 1 year suspension 
of driving privilege and supposedly misdemeanor probation, sort of light 
compared to what I got and He was driving a car or truck which would be a 
lot more dangerous than me on my motorcycle, but I also heard that He was 
well known or important, maybe He had friends in high places, maybe in the 
DMV!! Don't know, don't care, I just think that I would rather pay a fine 
and consider all that I have already been through as more than enough 
punishment and be able to come home, get my driving privilege back and maybe 
even be able to salvage part of the rest of my life.
I understand what you say about having the courts change something in the 
records for what ever reason and then I could be reinstated, well that is 
not happening.As I went back to court and the Judge said he convicted me on 
the third,but the State Attorney who terminated my probation so that I could 
go to another state and get a license so that I would not lose my job, said 
he would not do anything to help me further. Knowing I can not get a license 
without a clearance and now sends my wife a letter stating I cannot even 
live in Florida.It is like get the hell out of my State and I don't care 
what happens to you or your family. I after all this could care less about 
ever living in Florida again,but I have a family to support, that I cannot 
even move because soon enough I will be unemployed, unless I get a drivers 
license.I see that I can never live in Florida or drive there again, so all 
that I ask is ban me from my home and my family, but give me a clearance 
letter to take to another state, which already said they would license me 
with this letter, so that I may continue to go on living like a human being 
and have my family with me. This is Florida's law, not all States agree with 
this, and since I cannot live in Florida, I cannot see any reason for not 
sending me a letter of clearance to give to another State, instead of saying 
how much you regret not being able to assist me any further! Sounds nice, 
but we all know anything can be done if you have enough money or know the 
right person.

And finally here is the letter from Sandra Lambert from the DMV.

Dear Mr. Farrior:

Governor Bush received your recent e-mail regarding the status of your
driving privilege and asked that we respond.

As we have previously advised you on June 8, 2006, our records indicate
that your driving privilege has been revoked indefinitely, effective
February 7, 2005, for driving under the influence (DUI) and canceled
indefinitely, effective March 10, 2005, for voluntarily surrendering
your driver license.

Florida law requires the court to permanently revoke the driving
privilege of a person who has been convicted four or more times for
driving under the influence if even one of the convictions occurred
after July 1, 1982.  Unfortunately, all four of your convictions for
driving under the influence were after this date.

However, Florida law will allow reinstatement of a license after three
DUIs. Therefore, you may petition to the court to reopen one of the
cases in the county where you received the DUIs. If the Walton County
Court, telephone number (850) 892-8118, will set aside the DUI
conviction for any reason and provide the department with court
certified documentation we will advise you about the reinstatement
procedures.

A pardon will only restore a person's civil rights; it does not erase
the history of any alcohol-related offense or provide for an exemption
under the law against drinking and driving.

We regret that we are unable to provide you any further assistance in
this matter.

Sincerely,

SANDRA C. LAMBERT, Director
Division of Driver Licenses


From:	Dafltchr@aol.com
Sent:	Tuesday, July 18, 2006 5:53 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Re: I guess

we the people have to wait and hopefully see a small reduction soon enoguh before the end of the summer...
But keep an eye on this matter, anyway.
From:	Major <major@militaryhonorsalute.com>
Sent:	Tuesday, July 18, 2006 5:44 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Cc:	President Bush
Subject:	Please help

Dear Governor Bush;
 
I am writting ti ask you in the Name of our Lord Jesus whom I am sure that you love and the America people and also the Military to please run for President of the United States as we really need someone who will continue President Bush's programs.  We need someone who will lead us on to victory in this war and also to continue the great things President Bush has done and also those he is still working on.  Also the disabled veterans such as I really need you.
 
Sir, I truely believe that you are the man for this job and I want you to know that I along with my church is praying that you will not let this great Country down.
 
I have been a great supporter of President Bush and will also do the same for you.
 
Please in the Great Name of out Lord Jesuus,  please don't let us down.
 
I truely believe that President Bush has been one of the greatest Presidents this Country has ever had.  He has certainly had more to content with than any Peesident I have ever served under.  I did not  have the honor to serve under him in  the Military but if I could it would be one of the greatest honors I could hope to have.  I would truely love to be able to get to Washington DC and shake his hand.
 
Your faithful Servant
William J. Whatley
2201 S 15th  Lot #25
Laramie, Wyoming
307-399-1339
God's blessings to you.
From:	MJones8184@aol.com
Sent:	Tuesday, July 18, 2006 5:27 PM
To:	president@whitehouse.gov; vice.president@whitehouse.gov; chuck_hagel@hagel.senate.gov; Governor Jeb Bush; jim_bunning@bunning.senate.gov; jim_inhofe@inhofe.senate.gov; joe.wilson@mail.house.gov; john_mccain@mccain.senate.gov; kit_bond@bond.senate.gov; mailbox@gregg.senate.gov; mailbox@sununu.senate.gov; olympia@snowe.senate.gov; opinion@coleman.senate.gov; pat_roberts@roberts.senate.gov; Rep.Shays@mail.house.gov; sam_brownback@brownback.senate.gov; saxby_chambliss@chambliss.senate.gov; senator@cochran.senate.gov; senator@hutchison.senate.gov; senator@shelby.senate.gov; senator@warner.senate.gov; senator_domenici@domenici.senate.gov; senator_lugar@lugar.senate.gov; senator_voinovich@voinovich.senate.gov; curtpa07@mail.house.gov
Subject:	Immigration Bill

Certainly the debate over the different approaches to our illegal immigration problems was not designed to tear the Republican to from limb to limb.  However, that it what is happening.  How you allowed your advisors to place you in a position where your strongest allies on this issue are Ted Kennedy and the liberal Democrats is a mystery.  Our Party was supposed to revere the rule of law.  However, our constituents are confused about where we stand.  Put simply, do we want to enforce the law or do we want to pander to the pressure groups who favor illegal aliens?
M. Jones  
From:	Willow Vance <willo701@msn.com>
Sent:	Tuesday, July 18, 2006 4:58 PM
To:	Rev. A. M. Clark
Cc:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Re: Emailing: NOTICE THAT  SEAVERS RULING IS NULL & VOID TO AG 180706

Rev Anna Clark:
 
      Sorry Attorney General Charlie Crist has not performed his duty to investigate and prosecute the theft of your prpperty in Beverly Hills, Fl but that is why I moved to Arizona because the Florida AG's office allowed the utility companies in Sbering, Florida to steal over $600 in security deposits from me when I moved from Emerson Ave, and not one dime of money owed me has been paid yet and the Highlands County Adminsitrator, Carl Cool, just closed his eyes to the Utility fraud on the home sold me by worst fraud by Ruth Davis Real Estate, because she failed to disclose that house on Emerson Ave, in Sebring, had no septic tank or sewer for 20 years and the elderly owner had paid $75 a month for a rotor rooter service all those years instead of replacing the sewer and they did not tell me the electric was shorted out by the compressor for air so I had to hire a contractor to re-wire the house 210 at cost of $2500, etc then replace the furnace etc so I lost ten thousand dollars on purchase the State of Florida Real Estate ignored even  though I was a World War two widow and the office of the Gov, allowed the Highlands County Clerk of the Court to rip me off $97 in Small Claims Court Fees not due because the Clerk of the Court, Luke Brooker refused to file my case for fraud and help me recover my loss on the house. He still owes me $93 for the filing fee never honored including $20 he collected to have the Sheriff's office to serve papers he refused to serve, and the office of Gov Jeb Bush refused to have the attorney general honor his duty to prosecute this fraud because the current republican administration has all priority on re-election, military widows be damned under the program, of luring elders to Florida known as , Destination Florida. Therefore I live in Payson , Arizona where they honor the Bill of Rights and I will remain here and my new book will publish every property theft of my small military widow's pension in Hghlands County, under the sloggan they use to rob veterans, "High on Character,..."which should read "High on Corruption..., and I will  so testiify tgo any concerned citizen who can rfeach me at: 102 W.Holly Circle, Payson, AZ 85541. Good luck on the theft of your hard earnedproperty in Beverly Hills, FL, as one WW 111 Vet to another, the sacrifice our families made were in vain...God help us all under the current leadership with no respect for office or the constitution, only their own power and greed...Mrs. Rudy L. Vance,aka Willowdean W. Vance, Original Message ----- 

From: Rev. A. M. Clark 
To: AG ; ServicePoint@dfs.state.fl.us ; MSNBC Breaking News ; CNN Email Services ; jeb.bush@myflorida.com ; Willow Vance 
Sent: Tuesday, July 18, 2006 9:02 AM
Subject: Emailing: NOTICE THAT SEAVERS RULING IS NULL & VOID TO AG 180706

This is a NOTICE filed on  5 Aug 05 advising that  Retired Judge William H. Seaver, ruling is NULL & VOID.  Gerald Lee Pickett, Bar # 559334, took plaintiff's lien to this retired judge, & committed perjury by telling the judge that no action had been taken on liens at issue in more than a year! Perjury!
   As we move forward with these issues, I will show the courts that "Future Title Services, Inc. signed the deeds on 11 N. Fillmore St. Beverly Hills, Fl. and 49 S. J. Kellner Blvd. and both deeds are signed by Jeanne M. Fox, using  her maiden name.  After, she singed an Affidavit allegaing there were no liens or encumberances on two properties at issue!
     This property was sold to, and listed as belonging to Jeanne Marie Fox, and husband David B. Clark, 1988. .  Had Future Title Services, done a proper title search, they would have found all my liens, unless they were pulled by, Mrs. Colognia.  In my investigation I ask her if she was pulling out liens, when a title search was being done, then re-entering them back into the computers?  She actually laughted & went back into her office! 
 
Rev. Anna M. Clark
288 N. W. Ash Dr.
Lake City, Fl. 32055
PH. 386-752-5226
revsam3@localnet.com
 
The message is ready to be sent with the following file or link attachments:
NOTICE THAT  SEAVERS RULING IS NULL & VOID TO AG 180706

Note: To protect against computer viruses, e-mail programs may prevent sending or receiving certain types of file attachments.  Check your e-mail security settings to determine how attachments are handled. 

From:	DALONZO1@tampabay.rr.com
Sent:	Tuesday, July 18, 2006 4:56 PM
To:	DARRENSEWELL@YAHOO.COM
Cc:	Governor Jeb Bush; TONI@tampabay.rr.com; JENNINGS@MYFLORIDA.COM
Subject:	[*] VINCENT ALONZO

Dr. Sewell,

My father Vincent Alonzo (social security # [REDACTED]) is on Universal Master Piece. He has had some serious health issues over the past eight months. His primary physician and other neurologists have requested he be seen by a neuromuscular doctor AND HE WANTED TO GO TO THE MAYO CLINIC. All the Dr.'s think he has ALS, you have not given your authorization for him to see the Dr.'s that he needs. My question is why? From what I'm being told from Joe Vessio is that you don't agree with these Dr.'s????? Well it is Tuesday July 18th 4:19 in the afternoon and I can't keep my eyes open, why??? Because I just got home At 6am from Maryland where I took my father to see Dr. Rothstein @ John's Hopkins University yesterday and who also believes that my father has ALS. He gave him 2 prescriptions for ALS and SAID THAT HE NEEDS TO FOLLOW UP WITH A SPECIALIST IN ALS IF NOT FOLLOW UP WITH HIM!!!!!!! He suggested either Miami OR the Jacksonville MAYO CLINIC with DR. BOYLAN I am appalled that you would totally disregard QUALIFIED Dr.'s recommendations to see a professional in the field of ALS and get my father the care that he needs. You have to give him the approval to go to the Mayo clinic and everyday we waste is time that my father does not have!!!! Now I will do everything in my power to make sure that my father gets the care that he needs and is entitled to. You are violating my fathers civil rights to get the care that he needs. I have already contacted my state and local representatives and I will not stop until my dad gets the care he deserves! Next, I go to the paper and the news to tell them that you and your medical doctor credentials are going against QUALIFIED NEUROLOGISTS and now A RENOWN NEUROMUSCULAR DOCTOR @ JOHNS HOPKINS!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I am resorting to this email because I have tried for 2 days to talk to you and thats not possible. My father's care in your hands now and I trust that you will no longer keep VIOLATING HIS CIVIL RIGHTS TO TREATMEN T AND FROM SEEKING THE CARE THAT HE NEEDS AND DESERVES, HE SERVED OUR COUNTRY AND NOW THIS COUNTRY WILL SERVE HIM, IF IT'S THE LAST THING I DO!!

DIANA ALONZO

352-666-5145 or 352-442-5028

From:	Rev. A. M. Clark <revsam3@localnet.com>
Sent:	Tuesday, July 18, 2006 4:50 PM
To:	AG; Governor Jeb Bush; MSNBC Breaking News; CNN Email Services; ServicePoint@dfs.state.fl.us willow Vance
Subject:	Emailing: Attempted Blackmail by Fitzpatirk to AG 190706 001
Attachments:	Attempted Blackmail by Fitzpatirk to AG 190706 001.jpg

Page 2 of 2 End this document!
Rev. Clark
386-752-5226
 
 
 
 
 
 
The message is ready to be sent with the following file or link attachments:
Attempted Blackmail by Fitzpatirk to AG 190706 001

Note: To protect against computer viruses, e-mail programs may prevent sending or receiving certain types of file attachments.  Check your e-mail security settings to determine how attachments are handled.
From:	Sunsetsonly@aol.com
Sent:	Tuesday, July 18, 2006 4:52 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	laws that should be inacted

Dear Jeb:
 
It is my understanding that you have passed and or inacted many bills and recent laws in our state.
 
I am a native from Florida, I am very disappointed in the fact that many other countries do not require credit to survive in the life. My point is that during your term as Governor you have failed to make Florida the single most important thing you. We have had problems with kathrine Harris and the Elections, We have had problems with hurricanes. We have had problems with imigrants and most importantly we have had problems with the credit system on the state and federal level forever.
 
Why do you not require companies that do business in this state to report credit to the credit companies whether the credit is good or bad.
 
I was recently told that the company I bought my vehicle from does report the the credit companies, not a problem right? Well i called the company after my vehicle was paid for in full and advised that they only report bad credit to the credit companies. Simply stated as "it is much easier to report bad credit then good credit". 
 
This is something that should be handled state by state and monitoried on the federal level. It seems like nobody cares when good people try to improve their lives, unless you excess funds in the bank.
 
I feel that you should make companies who report bad credit should also have to report good credit as well even if the process is harder. Maybe it should easier to report good credit and harder to report bad.
 
It should be required that longer harder forms should be placed on these companies to further verify and document bad payment history.
 
 Tahnk you for your time.
 
SIncerely
 
James Wedemeier
From:	Rev. A. M. Clark <revsam3@localnet.com>
Sent:	Tuesday, July 18, 2006 4:39 PM
To:	AG; Governor Jeb Bush; MSNBC Breaking News; CNN Email Services; ServicePoint@dfs.state.fl.us; Willow Vance
Subject:	Emailing: Attempted Blackmail by Fitzpatirk to AG 190706
Attachments:	Attempted Blackmail by Fitzpatirk to AG 190706.jpg

Page 1 of 2.
Rev. Clark
386-752-5226
The message is ready to be sent with the following file or link attachments:
Attempted Blackmail by Fitzpatirk to AG 190706

Note: To protect against computer viruses, e-mail programs may prevent sending or receiving certain types of file attachments.  Check your e-mail security settings to determine how attachments are handled.
From:	Rev. A. M. Clark <revsam3@localnet.com>
Sent:	Tuesday, July 18, 2006 4:35 PM
To:	AG; ServicePoint@dfs.state.fl.us; MSNBC Breaking News; CNN Email Services; Governor Jeb Bush; Willow Vance
Subject:	Corruption within the RICO laws.
Attachments:	LIST OF PEOPLE INVOVLED IN RICO to AG 190706.rtf

This is a partial list of those invovled in this conspiracy, as Curtis Neal,  Bar # 373011, said,  to teach the Clarks a lesson!   This bunch have abused the citizens, especially in the 5th Circuit for years!   
     Men paying child support for children that didn't belong to them!  The courts taking peoples property.  Allegedly, there was a man  (a black man) dragged behind a pick-up truck, & killed,  nothing was done about it!  
    I do know that judge Howard sentenced, Gina Marie white, a 40 years old lady on Lithium, to 40 years in jail.  Alleged to have struck a deputy when he pulled her car over.  She allegedly staggard, due to medication!   My friend & I were reporters sitting in the hearing! 
    Nobody, could do anything about it! Perhaps my book will clean up some of the pettyfoggers!  
   I, have one more document forthcoming.  The letter from Fitzpatrick, attempting to blackmail me! Didn't happen then, won't happen now!  God took care of this piece of garbage!  Put him 6' under! Whose next?
    God works miracles! Let me reteriate, I am not the average citizen, I have  a  legal, medical, & political background!.  Am a former Washington Loggyist.  I am also a citizen of Florida more than 55 years!
Rev. Anna M. Clark
386-752-5226
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
From:	qcao009@aol.com
Sent:	Tuesday, July 18, 2006 4:08 PM
To:	christimorgan@comcast.net; rjamcan@cox.net; op1933@cox.net; mark@volunteerflorida.org; McFadden, Liza
Cc:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Fwd: I read this at 4:05 PM

 
 
Cao Anh Quan

Associate Professor 
English for Academic Purposes
Chair, PTLC 
Faculty Advisor, PTK - Alpha Delta Iota Chapter

Palm Beach Community College
3000 Saint Lucie Avenue CB 213
Boca Raton, FL 33431

(561) 862-4665
866-7028
 
 
-----Original Message-----
From: WARMACKT@leoncountyfl.gov
To: dngwarmack@adelphia.net; QCao009@aol.com; mike@interstatefiresystems.com; blairshuford@netzero.net
Sent: Tue, 18 Jul 2006 3:45 PM
Subject: Fwd: FW: I read this at 2:28pm




>>> "Tod Warmack" <tod@gohalftime.com> 07/17/06 11:54 AM >>>
11:52

 

  _____  

From: Jeff Victorine [mailto:JeffVictorine@PSBIONLINE.COM] 
Sent: Monday, July 17, 2006 8:10 AM
To: DIANE HINKLE
Cc: ladyfrog56@earthlink.net; Jeff & Joy Pendergrass;
foldsj@comcast.net;
trashtocash@cox.net; rublemoore@bellsouth.net; tod@gohalftime.com 
Subject: FW: I read this at 2:28pm

 

 

 

  _____  

From: Ruble Moore [mailto:rublemoore@bellsouth.net] 
Sent: Saturday, July 15, 2006 3:29 PM
To: Steve Miller; Jeff Victorine; James Moore; Buddy Roberts
Subject: FW: I read this at 2:28pm

 

 

 

Ruble Moore

War Eagle!

 

-----Original Message-----
From: LaDania Norton [mailto:lnorton@burgerk.com] 
Sent: Friday, July 14, 2006 7:43 AM
To: Angi Debrabant; Nancy Ray; Patti Kelly; Rhonda Gollihugh; Susan
Stinson;
SHAUNNA AND CHRIS; rublemoore@bellsouth.net; LINDA ENFINGER; LINDA
MORGAN;
LOREE SHEPARD ; ssjewel98@ctvea.net; Patricia Cummings
Subject: FW: I read this at 8:38 a.m

 

       Please note the exact time you read this. It is
mystical--honest.  


 


 
 This morning when the Lord opened a window to Heaven, he saw me, and
he
asked: 
  My child, what is your greatest wish for today?
 I responded:    "Lord please; take care of the person ! who is reading
this
message, their family and their special friends.They deserve it and I
love
them very much" 
 
 The love of God is like the ocean, you can see its beginnings but Not
its
end. 

 This message works on the day you receive it.
 To some it may sound dumb, but the person who sent this to me was
impressed
with its timing. Let us see if it is true. 
 
 ANGELS EXIST, but sometimes, since they don't all have wings we call
them
FRIENDS, SUCH AS YOU. 

 
 Pass this on to your true friends. SOMETHING GOOD WILL HAPPEN TO YOU
TODAY
AT 11:11 IN THE EVENING. SOMETHING THAT YOU HAVE BEEN WAITING TO HEAR.

 
  

THIS IS NOT A JOKE; SOMEONE WILL CALL YOU BY PHONE OR WILL SPEAK TO
YOU
ABOUT SOMETHING THAT YOU WERE WAITING TO HEAR. DO NOT BREAK THIS CHAIN.
SEND
IT TO A MINIMUM OF 4 PEOPLE. 



 

 


  _____  

MailScanner has detected a possible fraud attempt from "pr.atwola.com" claiming to be Check out AOL.com today. Breaking news, video search, pictures, email and IM. All on demand. Always Free.

From:	LMorrison@theflyer.com
Sent:	Tuesday, July 18, 2006 3:56 PM
Subject:	Off-topic but IMPORTANT FOR FL PEOPLE ESPECIALLY TO SIGN!  Petition to allow pets in condos; legislation sponsored by Robaina


Let's make some more homes available to homeless cats and dogs. 

Please help by signing this petition.   

It takes 30 seconds and will really help.   

  

Please forward this to all your 

animal-loving friends in Florida. 

  

Here is the link to sign the petition: 

"http://www.thepetitionsite.com/takeaction/[REDACTED]"

From:	Sutphin, Glenn LTC (Ret) FL-ARNG <glenn.sutphin@us.army.mil>
Sent:	Tuesday, July 18, 2006 3:40 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	RE: 53rd Infantry Brigade Awards

Sir,

 

Made contact Mrs. Carson at 1527rs, put her in contact with those who have the coins, all is fixed. Case closed.

 

VR,

Glenn

 

-----Original Message-----
From: Governor Jeb Bush [mailto:Jeb.Bush@MyFlorida.com] 
Sent: Tuesday, July 11, 2006 10:29 AM
To: Sutphin, Glenn LTC (Ret) FL-ARNG
Subject: FW: 53rd Infantry Brigade Awards

 

 

-----Original Message-----
From: Richard Carson [mailto:hoho0062000@yahoo.com]
Sent: Tuesday, July 11, 2006 9:46 AM
To: Governor Jeb Bush
Subject: 53rd Infantry Brigade Awards

Dear Gov. Bush:

 

My husband, SGT Richard Carson, served for well over a year in Iraq with the 53rd Infantry Brigade, 1/124 Inf., 2nd Battalion at the beginning of the war in Iraq.  During his time overseas, I had no choice but to move our family to Georgia, so he was unable to attend your awards ceremony for the troops.  He transfered to the GA Army National Guard. Other than his CIB which he received while still in Iraq, he was never notified of nor received any of the awards given.  I know the other troops received the Freedom Award and a special coin that you put out.  I don't know if there was anything else.  

 

Is there any way my husband could still receive these awards?  He is currently serving our country in the GA Army National Guard as a full time Career Counselor.  Our address is 15 Long Boat Place, Savannah, GA, 31410.  My email address is hoho0062000@yahoo.com and our phone is (912) 898-4634.

 

Sincerely,

 

Jeanette Carson

  _____  

Do you Yahoo!?
Everyone is raving about the all-new Yahoo! Mail Beta.

From:	liebmj <liebmj@bellsouth.net>
Sent:	Tuesday, July 18, 2006 3:40 PM
To:	commissioner.winn@fldoe.org
Cc:	'DRILLS'; Hall, Joshua; Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	DOE rules for the McKay Scholarship program

John L. Winn
Commissioner
Department of Education

 

July 18, 2006

 

Dear Mr. Winn,

 

This letter is to briefly explain the medical reasons why my two disabled, medically fragile children need a self contained environment for school. I would also like to briefly share with you my experience with the public schools hospital/homebound program and explain how our lives have improved in the past two years while receiving the McKay Scholarship. I have medical and academic records to support everything detailed in this letter

 

My daughter Deanna has impaired language due to epilepsy, severe scoliosis (she wears a back brace 24 hours a day) and a compromised immune system. We have made repeated attempts to enroll her in part & full time into the public school system. Each time the end result was the same; she suffered from repeated illness, each time it took longer periods  to recuperate and suffered from secondary infections resulting in multiple doses of antibiotics, grand mal seizures, and unable to wear her back brace. Each illness caused her scoliosis to progress, her seizures would affect speech and language (she only has seizures when she is ill) and generally not feeling well for long periods of time. Because she was sick so often, it took long periods of time to master basic skills thus it was very hard to make academic progress. In addition, it was physically hard for her to be in a classroom setting for any length of time because she suffers from back pain from scoliosis and fatigue, dizzy spells side effects from seizure medication. 

 

My son Mark is autistic; he has a severe feeding disorder and a compromised immune system. We have made repeated attempts to enroll him in part & full time into the public school system. Each time Mark was sick, he would lose whatever little progress he had made with chewing and swallowing. He was always under weight, but after being sick he would drop below the 25 percentile. One time after being sick with strep throat, he stopped eating for three months, and it took almost a year to get back the chewing and swallowing skills he had worked so hard to acquire. The last time we attempted to enroll Mark in public school he was getting recurrent bouts of pneumonia. Since Mark can not take medication orally we had to administer all medication with suppositories and injections which caused some intestinal problems.  He is prone to dehydration because on a good day it is hard for him to drink water (the only liquid he tolerates) so when he is ill it is difficult for him to take even a small sip of water. Like his sister the more often he would get sick, the easier it is to become sick, and all the repercussions that follow in terms of health and academics.

 

The public school does not offer a physical location that provides a self contained environment; therefore my children were enrolled in Hospital/Homebound (HH). Initially, they were given two hours a week of instruction (in their final year of enrollment, this was increased to five hours per week). There were many problems with getting an appropriate education from HH. We wrote letters, contacted DOE and attended meetings we were always told that “hospital/homebound is not a program designed to address the needs of my children, but is the only program that they can offer my children.” While my children were enrolled in HH, they did not make substantial academic progress and had many behaviors because of teachers who did not have the proper training or experience to work with them. There were so many other flaws in this system that it would be impossible to detail in this letter, but I have all records and documentation that I would be happy to share with anyone who would like more details.

 

After trying my best to work with the school system and not seeing my children make progress. I applied for The McKay Scholarship and enrolled my children in The Family Tree Private School. This accredited school would manage the funds, oversee and advise on all academic matters, and directly pay the certified teachers who worked with my children. The ESE teacher that was hired to work with my children through The Family Tree specialized in teaching children with autism and had extensive training in behavior management. In addition to working one on one with each child, she also coordinates assignments and activities for the children to do through the week Because the children are learning in a self contained environment, and have a teacher who is properly trained and experienced to teach them, we have maximized their learning potential. Both Mark & Deanna have advanced 3 grade levels in 2 years. 

 

You have the authority to write rules interpreting the new provisions governing The McKay Scholarship Program under SB 256, including the requirement that students have "regular and direct contact" with their teachers at the school's physical location.

 

In light of the fact that the intent of SB 256 is to increase accountability for McKay funds while still preserving the program as an alternative to a public school education, the solution seems clear. I am writing to request that you adopt the same rules and guidelines used in the public school system for enrolling children in the Hospital/Homebound program, (medical documentation, etc.) as an alternative to contact with the teachers at the school's physical location.  If this proposal is rejected, then I request that you adopt rules that allow "regular and direct contact" to be defined in accordance with the needs of the individual child and allow for limitations appropriate to the child's medical needs.

 

In other words, the amount of direct contact should be defined as the amount of time prescribed by a medical doctor or psychologist due to your child's disability when 170 days would be counter productive or dangerous to a child due to their disability. My children are one of the most vulnerable of children, and is now going to be unserved if the statute is defined as meaning 170 days of direct contact. 

 

It is my hope that you or anyone who reads this letter will try to imagine that these are your children, and think how you would want rule makers to be fair to them too.

 

Sincerely,

 

Jeanette Liebman

800 N 41 Ave

Hollywood, FL 33021

 

 

 

 

From:	Jamie Beu <jamiebeu@yahoo.com>
Sent:	Tuesday, July 18, 2006 3:31 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Embryonic Stem Cell Research Funding - Oppose

Jamie Beu
3393 Carriage Lake Dr
Orlando, FL 32828-7757


July 18, 2006

The Honorable Jeb Bush
Governor of Florida
The Capitol, 400 S. Monroe St.
Tallahassee, FL 32399-0001


 Governor Bush:

 I oppose embryonic stem cell research and federal funding for it.

There are much better alternatives (e.g., adult stem cells, cells from 
placental and umbelical cord blood, etc.) that do not have the stigma of 
destroying human life.  I do NOT oppose all stem cell research - just that 
which kills children.  A nation that kills its children has no future.

If we support this kind of legislation, we have no moral authority to do 
anything else in the world.  We will have become a country that takes 
advantage of the weakest for possibly prolonging our own selfish lives.  
It is the greatest poverty that a child must die so that we may live as we 
wish.

Who are we to play God?

The best alternative to this would be to support S. 2754 - the Alternative 
Pluripotent Stem Cell Therapies Enhancement Act - which would encourage 
scientists to seek ethical stem-cell alternatives, a.k.a. adult stem cells 
and stem cells from placental and umbelical cord blood.  These stem cells 
have had numerous successes, and continues to have more potential than 
originally suspected.  Additionally, adult stem cells have had far more 
success that anything that has been done with current embryonic stem cell 
lines.

Additionally, S. 3504 - the Fetus Farming Prohibition Act - needs to be 
enacted as law.  The creation of human beings in the womb, purely for 
scientific experimentation, is horrible beyond what words can convey.

Over 60 years ago, this great country defeated a heinous enemy that 
performed horrible experiments on humans.  Let us not follow the example 
of our enemies, but rather continue to be a beacon of hope for those that 
believe in the God-given right to life, liberty, and the pursuit of 
happiness.  There is a way to perform scientific research without 
violating the natural order.

Please oppose H.R. 810 and support S. 3504 & S. 2754.

Sincerely,


Jamie Beu
407-207-1519

This message has been verified by CapwizXC as authentic and sent by this 
individual.  Authentication ID: [oqsuCFX1]


From:	jeb.bush@myflorida.com
Sent:	Tuesday, July 18, 2006 3:30 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	[*] Yahoo! News Story - Indonesians recover bodies after tsunami - Yahoo! News


 (jeb.bush@myflorida.com) has sent you a news article. 
(Email address has not been verified.)
------------------------------------------------------------
Personal message:

I am still getting messages that say " I have nothing to say to you"  I dont know what that means as I plainly wrote not so much spoke what I needed from your ofice and appreciated your overtures of peace as well as help and friendship in the past. If you know where the problem is coming from please help fix it thank you. THANK YOU

Indonesians recover bodies after tsunami - Yahoo! News

http://news.yahoo.com/s/ap/20060718/ap_on_re_as/indonesia_tsunami_no_warning_7

============================================================
Yahoo! News 
http://news.yahoo.com/



From:	kikihrs@hotmail.com
Sent:	Tuesday, July 18, 2006 3:17 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Support Israel

Tuesday, July 18, 2006

Makeiska Harris
P O Box 237521
Cocoa FL, 

Governor John Bush
The Capitol
 400 South Monroe Street
Tallahassee FL, 32399-0001

RE: Support Israel

	Please understand: this recent wave of terrorism and violence in the Middle East is a direct threat to our freedom as Americans. The ongoing aggression against Israel could even prevent America from building a coalition to fight against terrorist strongholds in Iraq and elsewhere. As we know from experience, when terrorists are allowed to thrive in any nation, we are ALL THREATENED. Any attack on Israel is an attack on freedom - and freedom attacked anywhere is freedom attacked everywhere. This is why we cannot turn our backs on Israel. For the sake of religious freedom, for the sake of personal liberties, we must support Israel's battle against terrorists. 

Sincerely, 
Makeiska C. Harris
From:	Kosharae@aol.com
Sent:	Tuesday, July 18, 2006 3:10 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Important point of view from a constiuent.

Thank you Israel "

By Brigitte Gabriel 

For the millions of Christian Lebanese, driven out of our
homeland, "Thank you Israel," is the sentiment echoing from
around the world. The Lebanese Foundation for Peace, an
international group of Lebanese Christians, made the
following statement in a press release to Israeli Prime
Minister Ehud Olmert concerning the latest Israeli attacks
against Hezbollah: 

"We urge you to hit them hard and destroy their terror
infrastructure. It is not [only] Israel who is fed up with
this situation, but the majority of the silent Lebanese in
Lebanon who are fed up with Hezbollah and are powerless to
do anything out of fear of terror retaliation." 

Their statement continues,

"On behalf of thousands of Lebanese, we ask you to open the
doors of Tel Aviv's Ben Gurion Airport to thousands of
volunteers in the Diaspora willing to bear arms and liberate
their homeland from [Islamic] fundamentalism. We ask you for
support, facilitation and logistics in order to win this
struggle and achieve together the same objectives: Peace and
Security for Lebanon and Israel and our future generations
to come." 

The once dominate Lebanese Christians responsible for giving
the world "the Paris of the Middle East" as Lebanon used to
be known, have been killed, massacred, driven out of their
homes and scattered around the world as radical Islam
declared its holy war in the 70s and took hold of the
country. They voice an opinion that they and Israel have
learned from personal experience, which is now belatedly
being discovered by the rest of the world. 

While the world protected the PLO withdrawing from Lebanon
in 1983 with Israel hot on their heals, another more
volatile and religiously idealistic organization was being
born: Hezbollah, "the Party of God," founded by Ayatollah
Khomeini and financed by Iran. It was Hezbollah who blew up
the U.S. Marine barracks in Lebanon in October,1983 killing
241 Americans and 67 French paratroopers that same day.
President Reagan ordered U.S. Multilateral Force units to
withdraw and closed the books on the marine massacre and US
involvement in Lebanon February 1984. 

The civilized world, which erroneously vilified the
Christians and Israel back then and continues to vilify
Israel now, was not paying attention. While America and the
rest of the world were concerned about the Israeli / PLO
problem, terrorist regimes in Syria and Iran fanned Islamic
radicalism in Lebanon and around the world. Hezbollah's
Shiite extremists began multiplying like proverbial rabbits
out-producing moderate Sunnis and Christians. Twenty-five
years later they have produced enough people to vote
themselves into 24 seats in the Lebanese parliament. Since
the Israeli pull out in 2000, Lebanon has become a terrorist
base completely run and controlled by Syria with its puppet
Lebanese President Lahood and the Hezbollah "state within a
state." 

The Lebanese army has less than 10,000 military troops.
Hezbollah has over 4,000 trained militia forces and there
are approximately 700 Iranian Revolutionary Guards in
Southern Lebanon and the Bekaa Valley. So why can't the army
do the job? Because the majority of Lebanese Muslims making
up the army will split and unite along religious lines with
the Islamic forces just like what happened in 1976 at the
start of the Lebanese civil war. 

It all boils down to a war of Islamic Jihad ideology vs.
Judeo Christian Westernism. Muslims who are now the majority
of Lebanon's population, support Hezbollah because they are
part of the Islamic Ummah-the nation. This is the taboo
subject everyone is trying to avoid. 

The latest attacks on Israel have been orchestrated by Iran
and Syria driven by two different interests. Syria considers
Lebanon a part of "greater" Syria. Young Syrian President
Assad and his Ba'athist military intelligence henchmen in
Damascus are using this latest eruption of violence to prove
to the Lebanese that they need the Syrian presence to
protect them from the Israeli aggression and to stabilize
the country. Iran is conveniently using its Lebanese puppet
army Hezbollah, to distract the attention of world leaders
meeting at the G-8 summit in St. Petersburg, from its
pursuit of nuclear weapons. Apocalyptic Iranian President
Ahmadinejad and the ruling Mullah clerics in Tehran want to
assert hegemony in the Islamic world under the banner of
Shia Mahdist madness. Ahmadinejad wants to seal his place as
top Jihadist for Allah by make good his promise to "wipe
Israel off the map. 

No matter how much the west avoids facing the reality of
Islamic extremism of the Middle East, the west cannot hide
from the fact that the same Hamas and Hezbollah that Israel
is fighting over there, are of the same radical Islamic
ideology that has fomented carnage and death through
terrorism that America and the world are fighting. This is
the same Hezbollah that Iran is threatening to unleash in
America with suicide bomb attacks if America tries to stop
Iran from developing nuclear weapon. They have cells in over
10 cities in the United States. Hamas, has the largest
terrorist infrastructure on American soil. This is what
happens when you turn a blind eye to evil for decades,
hoping it will go away. 

Sheik Nasrallah, the head of Hezbollah, is an Iranian agent.
He is not a free actor in this play. He has been involved in
terrorism for over 25 years. Iran with its Islamic vision
for a Shia Middle East now has its agents, troops and money
in Gaza in the Palestinian territories, Lebanon, Syria, and
Iraq. Behind this is this vision that drives the Iranian
President Ahmadinejad who believes he is Allah's "tool and
facilitator" bringing the end of the world as we know it and
the ushering in of the era of the Mahdi. He has a blind
messianic belief in the Shiite tradition of the 12th or
"hidden" Islamic savior who will emerge from a well in the
holy city of Qum in Iran after global chaos, catastrophes
and mass deaths and establish the era of Islamic Justice and
everlasting peace. 

President Ahmadinejad has refused so far to respond to
proposals from the U.S., EU, Russia and China on the UN
Security Council to cease Iran's relentless quest for
nuclear enrichment and weapons development program until
August 22nd. Why August 22nd? Because August 22nd, coincides
with the Islamic date of Rajab 28, the day the great Salah
El-Din conquered Jerusalem. 

Ahmadinejad's extremists ideology in triggering Armageddon
gives great concerns to the intelligence community. 

At this point the civilized world must unite in fighting the
same enemies plaguing Israel and the world with terrorism.
We need to stop analyzing the enemies' differences as
Sunni-Hamas or Shiite-Hezbollah, and start understanding
that their common bond in their fight against us is radical
Islam. 

From:	Charlie Hinson <charlieg145@cox.net>
Sent:	Tuesday, July 18, 2006 3:04 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Please read for all our sakes!

Dear Governor Bush:
    Would you please take a moment and read the following critically important piece of analysis.  If we don't step up to the plate, there won't be a Florida, or America, in 25 years.  If you can find a way to disseminate this, or want me to, please reply to charlieg145@cox.net.  I worked with the Non-Public Schools Advisory Board for many years, and have been in education since 1957.  For the first time in my life, I am frightened!   And I am praying for you, your family, and the leadership of our great state.        CHARLIE HINSON
 
 
 
 An interesting read, Jim Leix

 Please take the time to read the attached essay by Dr.   Vernon  Chong. It is without a doubt the most articulate and convincing writing I have read regarding the War in Iraq .  If you have any doubts please open your mind to his essay and give a fair evaluation.  It's also eerily applicable to other current issues ( Iran 's nuclear program, immigration, NAFTA's impact on American jobs, trade deficits, etc.).  I had no idea who D r. Chong is ,  or the source of these thoughts... so when I received them, I almost deleted them - as well-written as they are.  But then I did a "Google search" on the Doctor and found him to be a retired Air Force Surgeon of all things and past Commander of Wilford Hall Medical Center in San Antonio .  So he is real, is connected to Veterans affairs in California , and these are his thoughts.  They are worth reading and thinking about! (the same Google search will direct you to some of his other thought-provoking writings.) 
If you would like to see who this fellow is, go to this Air Force web sight and look him up.  http://www.af.mil/bios/alpha.asp?alpha=C
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Subject: Muslims, terrorist and the USA : A different spin on Iraq war.

This WAR is for REAL!  
Dr. Vernon Chong, Major General, USAF, Retired

Tuesday, July 12, 2005
To get out of a difficulty, one usually must go through it.  Our country is now facing the most serious threat to its existence, as we know it, that we have faced in your lifetime and mine (which includes WWII).

The deadly seri ousness is greatly compounded by the fact that there are very few of us who think we can possibly lose this war and even fewer who realize what losing really means.

First, let's examine a few basics:

1. When did the threat to us start?
 
 Many will say September 11, 2001.   
 The answer as far as the United States is concerned is 1979, 22 years prior to September 2001, with the following attacks on us:
 
* Iran Embassy Hostages, 1979;
*  Beirut , Lebanon Embassy 1983;
*  Beirut , Lebanon Marine Barracks 1983;
* Lockerbie , Scotland Pan-Am flight to New York< /st1:place> 1988;
* First New York World Trade Center attack 1993;
* Dhahran , Saudi Arabia Khobar Towers Military complex 1996;
* Nairobi , Kenya US Embassy 1998;
* Dares Salaam , Tanzania US Embassy 1998;
* Aden , Yemen USS Cole 2000;
* New York World Trade Center 2001;
* Pentagon 2001.

(Note that during the period from 1981 to 2001 there were 7,581 terrorist attacks worldwide).
 

2. Why were we attacke d?
 
 Envy of our position, our success, and our freedoms.  The attacks happened during the administrations of Presidents Carter, Reagan, Bush 1, Clinton and Bush 2.  We cannot fault either the Republicans or Democrats as there were no provocations by any of the presidents o r their immediate predecessors, Presidents Ford or Carter.

3. Who were the attackers?
In each case, the attacks on the US were carried out by Muslims.

4. What is the Muslim population of the World?  
25%.

5. Isn't the Muslim Religion peaceful? 

Hopefully, but that is really not material.  There is no doubt that the predominately Christian population of Germany was peaceful, but under the dictatorial leadership of Hitler (who was also Christian), that made no difference.  You either went along with the administration or you were eliminated.  
There were 5 to 6 million Christians killed by the Nazis for political reasons (including 7,000 Polish priests).  
(see http://www.nazis.testimony.co.uk/7-a.htm)

Thus, almost the same number of Christians were killed by the Nazis, as the six million holocaust Jews who were killed by them, and we seldom heard of anything other than the Jewish atrocities.  Although Hitler kept the world focused on the Jews, he had no hesitancy about killing anyone who got in his way of exterminating the Jews or of taking over the world - German, Christian or any others.

Same with the Muslim terrorists.  They focus the world on the US , but kill all in the way -- their own people or the Spanish, French or anyone else.
The point here is that just like the peaceful Germans were of no protection to anyone from the Nazis, no matter how many peaceful Muslims there may be, they are no protection for us from the terrorist Muslim leaders and what they are fanatically bent on doing -- by their own pronouncements -- killing all of us "infidels."  I don't blame the peaceful Muslims.  What would you do if the choice was shut up or die?

6. So who are we at war with?

There is no way we can honestly respond that it is an yone other than the Muslim terrorists.  Trying to be politically correct and avoid verbalizing this conclusion can well be fatal.  There is no way to win if you don't clearly recognize and articulate who you are fighting.
 

So with that background, now to the two major questions:

1. Can we lose this war?

2. What does losing really mean?

If we are to win, we must clearly answer these two pivotal questions:

We can definitely lose this war, and as anomalous as it may sound, the major reason we can lose is that so many of us simply do not fathom the answer to the second question - What does losing mean?

It would appear that a great many of us think that losing the war means hanging our heads, bringing the troops home and going on about our business, like post-Vietnam.  This is as far from the truth as one can get.

What losing really means is:

We would no longer be the premier country in the world.  The attacks will not subside, but rather will steadily increase  Remember, they want us dead, not just quiet.  If they had just wanted us quiet, they would not have produced an increasing series of attacks against us, over the past 18 years.  The plan was, clearly, for terrorists to attack us until we were neutered and submissive to them.

We would, of course, have no future support from other nations, for fear of reprisals and for the reason that they would see; we are impotent and cannot help them.

They will pick off the other non-Muslim nations, one at a time.  It will be increasingly easier for them.  They already hold Spain hostage.  It doesn't matter whether it was right or wrong for Spain to withdraw its troops from Iraq .  Spain did it because the Muslim terrorists bombed their train and told them to withdraw the troops.  Anything else they want Spain to do will be done.  Spain is finished.

The next will probably be France .  Our one hope on France is that they might see the light and realize that if we don't win, they are finished too, in that they can't resist the Muslim terrorists without us.  However, it may already be too late for France .  France is already 20% Muslim and fading fast!

If we lose the war, our production, income, exports and way of life will all vanish as we know it.  After losing, who would trade or deal with us if they were threatened by the Muslims.  If we can't stop the Muslim terrorists, how could anyone else?

The radical Muslims fully know what is riding on this war, and therefore are completely committed to winning, at any cost.  We better know it too and be likewise committed to winning at any cost.

Why do I go on at such lengths about the results of losing?  Simple.  Until we recognize the costs of losing, we cannot unite and really put 100% of our thoughts and efforts into winning.  And it is going to take that 100% effort to win.

So, how can we lose the war?

Again, the answer is simple.  We can lose the war by "imploding."  That is, defeating ourselves by refusing to recognize the enemy and their purpose, and really digging in and lending full support to the war effort.  If we are united, there is no way that we can lose.  If we continue to be divided, there is no way that we can win!

Let me give you a few examples of how we simply don't comprehend the life and death seriousness of this situation.

President Bush selects Norman Mineta as Secretary of Transportation.  Although all of the terrorist attacks were committed by Muslim men between 17 and 40 years of age, Secretary Mineta refuses to allow profiling.  Does that sound like we are taking this thing seriously?  This is war!  For the duration, we are going to have to give up some of the civil rights we have become accustomed to.  We had better be prepared to lose some of our civil rights temporarily or we will most certainly lose all of them permanently.

And don't worry that it is a slippery slope.  We gave up plenty of civil rights during WWII, and immediately restored them after the victory and in fact added many more since then.

Do I blame President Bush or President Clinton before him?

No, I blame us for blithely assuming we can maintain all of our Political Correctness, and all of our civil rights during this conflict and have a clean, lawful, honorable war.  None of those words apply to war.  Get them out of your head.

Some have gone so far in their criticism of the war and/or the Administration that it almost seems they would literally like to see us lose.  I hasten to add that this isn't because they are disloyal.  It is because they just don't recognize what losing means.  Nevertheless, that conduct gives the impression to the enemy that we are divided and weakening.  It concerns our friends, and it does great damage to our cause.

Of more recent vintage, the uproar fueled by the politicians and media regarding the treatment of some prisoners of war, perhaps exemplifies best what I am saying.  We have recently had an issue, involving the treatment of a few Muslim prisoners of war, by a small group of our military police.  These are the type prisoners who just a few months ago were throwing their own people off buildings, cutting off their hands, cutting out their tongues and otherwise murdering their own people just for disagreeing with Saddam Hussein.

And just a few years ago these same type prisoners chemically killed 400,000 of their own people for the same reason.  They are also the same type of enemy fighters, who recently were burning Americans, and dragging their charred corpses through the streets of < st1:country-region w:st="on">Iraq .  And still more recently, the same type of enemy that was and is providing videos to all news sources internationally, of the beheading of American  prisoners they held.

Compare this with some of our press and politicians, who for several days have thought and talked about nothing else but the "humiliating" of some Muslim prisoners -- not burning them, not dragging their charred corpses through the streets, not beheading them, but "humiliating" them.

Can this be for real?

The politicians and pundits have even talked of impeachment of the Secretary of Defense.  If this d oesn't show the complete lack of comprehension and understanding of the seriousness of the enemy we are fighting, the life and death struggle we are in and the disastrous results of losing this war, nothing can.

To bring our country to a virtual political standstill over this prisoner issue makes us look like Nero playing his fiddle as Rome burned -- totally oblivious to what is going on in the real world.  Neither we, nor any other country, can survive this internal strife.  Again I say, this does not mean that some of our politicians or media people are disloyal.  It simply means that they are absolutely oblivious to the magnitude, of the situation we are in and into which the Muslim terrorists have been pushing us, for many years.

Remember, the Muslim terrorists stated goal is to kill all infidels!  That translates in to ALL non-Muslims -- not just in the United States , but throughout the world.  We are the last bastion of defense.

We have been criticized for many years as being 'arrogant.'  That charge is valid in at least one respect.  We are arrogant in that we believe that we are so good, powerful and smart, that we can win the hearts and minds of all those who attack us, and that with both hands tied behind our back, we can defeat anything bad in the world!  We can't!

If we don't recognize this, our nation as we know it will not survive, and no other free country in the world will survive if we are defeated.

And finally, name any Muslim countries throughout the world that allow freedom of speech, freedom of thought, freedom of religion, freedom of the press, equal rights for anyone -- let alone everyone, equal status or any status for women, or that have been productive in one single way that contributes to the good of the world.

This has been a long way of saying that we must be united on this war or we will be equated in the history books to the self-inflicted fall of the Roman Empire .  If, that is, the Muslim leaders will allow history books to be written or read. 

If we don't win this war right now, keep a close eye on how the Muslims take over France in the next 5 years or less.  They will continue to increase the Muslim population of France and continue to encroach little by little, on the established French traditions.  The French will be fighting among  themselves, over what should or should not be done, which will continue to weaken them and keep them from any united resolve. 
Doesn't that sound eerily familiar?

Democracies don't have their freedoms taken away from them by some external military force. Instead, they give their freedoms away, politically correct piece by politically correct pie ce.

And they are giving those freedoms away to those who have shown, worldwide that they abhor freedom and will not apply it to you or even to themselves, once they are in power.

They have universally shown that when they have taken over, they then start brutally killing each other over who will be the few who control the masses. Will we ever stop hearing from the politically correct, about the "peaceful Muslims"?

I close on a hopeful note, by repeating what I said above.  If we are united, there is no way that we can lose.  I hope now, after the election, the factions in our country will begin to focus on the critical situation we are in, and will unite to save our country.  It is your future we are talking about!  Do whatever you can to preserve it.

After reading the above, we all must do this not only for ourselves, but our children, our grandchildren, our country and the world.
Whether Democrat or Republican, conservative or li beral and that include the Politicians and media of our country and the free world!

Please forward this to any you feel may want, or NEED to read it.  Our "leaders" in Congress ought to read it, too.  There are those that find fault with our country, but it is obvious to anyone who truly thinks through this, that we must UNITE!
 


_____________________________________ 
Letter content was scanned
No threat detected
www.winantivirus.com 	  	
From:	Threadgill, Richard <rthreadgill@cellsignal.com>
Sent:	Tuesday, July 18, 2006 2:57 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	History Interpretaton

Hello,

Because I do not reside in the state of Florida, I only recently heard 
about the education bill you signed which includes an outline for the 
teaching of American History.  I do not know what you and your 
legislature intended with this measure, but it starkly contrasts the 
free-society which we, as a nation, tout so adamantly.  The law is more 
reminiscent of  communist countries such as China, in which history is 
written by the state.  Why don't you let historians and teachers decide 
how history is taught?  If the parents don't like the teachers, their 
voices can be heard through multiple forums.  As you've written it, no 
dissenting voices are heard and history is sterilized by politicians.  
Maybe through your efforts, your brother won't look like such a bad 
president in twenty years.  But I doubt it.

Sincerely,
Rick Threadgill
From:	Sonja Elliott <sonja.elliott@mchsi.com>
Sent:	Tuesday, July 18, 2006 2:39 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Re:  recent emails/Gulf Coast of Florida

Mr. Bush,
 
Since I emailed your office, providing you with 2 photos that were taken here of some type of evidently military operations, I am once again thrust into the victims role.
 
The military or Sand Cliffs evidently were notified that I had sent those emails to you.
Now that are backand in rare form.
They go as far as to allude to my own death.
Can you possibly intervene prior to a lawsuit?
I will not be intimidated further by them.
Nor will my 11 year old be subject to them any longer.
PLEASE stop this harassment..
I have contacted a lawyer who is extremely qualified in suing both the state/federal governments.
 
I do expect that this test mission will back itself off into oblivion.
The private investigator has assures me that the footage he has aquired is more than substantial.
 
Sincerely,
 
Sonja Elliott
From:	Marilyn Daniels <mdaniels@jnf.org>
Sent:	Tuesday, July 18, 2006 2:25 PM
Subject:	ISRAEL EMERGENCY CAMPAIGN (JNF'S OPERATION SECURITY BLANKET)

Dear JNF Board Members and Friends,
 
JNF has launched Operation Security Blanket, to help Israeli families under attack. Your sphere of influence is quite large and we are asking that you forward this email to your colleagues, friends, and family.
 
We are proud to share with you that close to $100,000 was collected on the internet in the first 24 hours of this campaign.  "Operation Security Blanket" focuses on three key issues: 
*         Enabling children sleeping in bomb shelters to attend weekly summer camp out of range of rocket fire. 
*         Helping JNF purchase emergency response vehicles/fire trucks, bulletproof vests, and helmets for firefighters and emergency response personnel. 
*         Helping JNF build security roads by the Gaza border. JNF built the security roads in northern Israel that allow families to travel safely to work and school. We need to raise $1 million dollars today to build these additional roads.   
 
Jewish National Fund is on the ground with action, not words. We are continuing to be a security blanket for Israel's families.
 
You can do something to help Israeli families under attack. Today.
 
Thank you. With wishes for peace,
 
Please forward your donations to:
Jewish National Fund
4625 East Bay Drive #311
Clearwater, FL 33764
 
Or click on the links below.
 
 
 
 
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
Contact: Sarit Schonbrun
JNF Communications Manager
212-879-9305 ext. 222
sschonbrun@jnf.org

Jewish National Fund Announces Operation Security Blanket for Israel 
July 18, 2006 -- New York, NY -- Responding to the escalating crisis in Israel, Jewish National Fund (JNF) has announced Operation Security Blanket, an emergency campaign empowering American Jews to provide immediate relief for Israeli children living in areas under rocket attack and security for Israeli citizens along the Gaza border. 
For the next two weeks, JNF offices across the country will host emergency JNF FOR ISRAEL DAY phone-a-thons. Thousands of volunteers will make calls on their cell phones to raise funds to:
*	Send Israeli children  to JNF-KKL summer camps in central Israel, giving them a reprieve from the constant barrage of rockets and allowing them to enjoy their summer vacations and the beauty of the land of Israel. 
*	Build security roads along the border with Gaza to protect the area’s residents as they travel to work and school. 
*	Purchase emergency response vehicles/fire trucks, bulletproof vests, and helmets for firefighters and emergency response personnel. 
With an estimated 100,000 Israeli children currently living in bomb shelters, JNF will work to restore a sense of normalcy and calm for as many as possible by sending them to summer camps in central Israel, out of range of rocket fire.  Nes Harim, a camp in Jerusalem’s American Independence Park, will work at full capacity to accommodate hundreds of children at a time for three-day stays. Israel's top youth movement, Chugei Sayarut,  a division of JNF-KKL, is also retrofitting forest sites for summer camps throughout central Israel and the northern Negev for five- to seven-day stays. JNF-KKL will provide roundtrip transportation, food and activities, and security.    
Money is also being raised to build new security bypass roads along the border with Gaza.   When Israel withdrew from Lebanon six years ago, Jewish National Fund immediately built security roads on the Lebanese border to protect the citizens of the region as they traveled to work and school.  These roads have played an integral part in ensuring the security of Israeli citizens, and today, as the current crisis unfolds, they are critical as ever.
Immediately after the withdrawal from Gaza just under one year ago, JNF-KKL began building three security roads in the region to ensure the safety of Israeli citizens living on the Gaza border. Funds are needed for their completion so they can provide the same sense of security to their users as the northern ones did for those residents. 
“After the withdrawal from Lebanon I was terribly afraid,” said Esty Shani, a 59-year old mother of three who lives on Kefar Gil’adi, the first kibbutz established in the Galilee Panhandle.  “The road was very close to the border and completely exposed to Lebanon.  The Hizbollah could sit and fire at us, if they only wanted to.  The new road gives the feeling of security and now I travel alone at night and without fear.”
“I want my son to go out every morning and for no one’s heart to skip a beat,” said Eddie Smuha, an Iraqi native who lives on Kibbutz Malkiyya.  “The new road reduces the risk, both physically and psychologically.  I now feel many times more secure." 
Jewish National Fund has consistently been on the ground in Israel with action, not just words.  Operation Security Blanket will continue to provide real and tangible benefits to the citizens of Israel.  

Donations to Operation Security Blanket, which began to come in on Friday as soon as the campaign was announced, can be made online at http://www.jnf.org/ or by calling your local JNF office at 888-JNF-0099.  One hundred percent of donations to this emergency campaign will be used to send children to summer camps in central Israel, construct security roads on the border with Gaza, and purchase emergency response vehicles/fire trucks, bulletproof vests, and helmets for firefighters and emergency response personnel. To volunteer for JNF FOR ISRAEL DAY in your area, call 888-JNF-0099.  

JNF's speakers are also available to address the current crisis in Israel.  To reserve a speaker from JNF's Speaker's Bureau, contact Ilana Bernstein at ibernstein@jnf.org or (212) 879-9305 ext. 297 or visit the Speaker's Bureau web page on the JNF website.  To reach one of  JNF's Israel emissaries who are available to speak or for comments, contact: 
Avinoam Binder, Chief Israel Emissary, abinder@jnf.org or (212) 879-9305 ext. 241
Gideon Shavit, KKL emissary in Florida, gshavit@jnf.org or (305) 682-0025
Rami Ganor, KKL emissary in Los Angeles rganor@jnf.org or (818) 704-5454
Ben Shamir, KKL emissary in Chicago, bshamir@jnf.org or (847)656-8880
Kami Robinson, KKL emissary in Detroit, krobinson@jnf.org or (248) 324-3080
Micha Danieli, KKL emissary on Long Island, mdanieli@jnf.org or (516) 678-6805
Tali Tzour, KKL emissary in New Jersey, ttzour@jnf.org; or (973) 593-0095 

# # #
Jewish National Fund is a non-profit organization founded in 1901 to serve as caretaker of the land of Israel, on behalf of its owners—Jewish people everywhere. Over the past century, JNF has planted over 240 million trees, built over 180 reservoirs and dams, developed over 250,000 acres of land, created more than 1,000 parks, provided the infrastructure for 1,000 communities and educated students around the world about Israel and the environment.  Today, JNF is putting its century of experience to work with the Blueprint Negev initiative, supporting Israel’s newest generation of pioneers in developing the Negev Desert Israel’s last frontier.  For more information on JNF or to plant trees in Israel, call 1-800-542-TREE (8733) or visit http://www.jnf.org/.  To contact your local office, please call 888-JNF-0099 or visit http://www.jnf.org/.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Uri Smajovits     usmajovits@jnf.org
Beth Morris       bmorris@jnf.org
Marilyn Daniels  mdaniels@jnf.org
 
Thank you so much for your continued support,
 
Beth Glickman Morris
Campaign Executive
Jewish National Fund
Ph: 813-960-5263
Ph: 727-536-5263 
Fax: 727-538-9692
bmorris@jnf.org
 
 
 
 
 
Marilyn Daniels
Office Manager
Jewish National Fund
4625 East Bay Drive #311
Clearwater, Florida 33764
(813) 960-5263 Tampa
(727) 536-5263 Clearwater
(727) 538-9692 Fax
888-563-0099 Outside Tampa Bay Area
mdaniels@jnf.org
 
 
From:	Jose Maglio <jose_maglio@yahoo.com>
Sent:	Tuesday, July 18, 2006 2:15 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	RETURN TO THE U.S ARMY

JOSE M. MAGLIO	
13838 SW 15 ST
MIAMI, FL 33184
305-910-9533
786-970-1619
jose_maglio@yahoo.com
SS#: [REDACTED]




To Whom It May Concern:
					
Allow me to explain my situation.  I joined the U.S.
Army on June 18, 2001.  Then, unfortunate events took
place and was charged AWOL without knowing whatsoever
what was going on.  Due to the fact I had suffered
from memory loss because of a fall.  Since I wasn't in
good conditions to make decisions, my ex-wife decided
many things for me without my consent.  She had then
informed me I was medically discharged and could
return home.  As you can imagine, I had no
recollection what was happening at the time therefore
I returned home to Miami. When I came back into my
senses, I decided I wanted a divorce and so I left my
wife's house.  With me, I have all the letters my
Captain wrote to inform me to return as soon as
possible to my unit.  I never received or was told
anything by her.  And I did not have any communication
with her at all.  The Department of the Army labeled
me as a desserter as of May 2002.  I had continue with
my life without her concentrating mainly on work. 
Then I remarried, had a beautiful daughter with my new
wife.  On June 15, 2004, I was pulled over and the
officers informed me I had a warrant.  I was taken to
a jail facility, the next day is when I found out I
was AWOL.  Several days passed, closing the civil
matter that was opened.  When I did close my case, I
was then released and informed I must report to Fort
Knox, Kentucky right away.  As soon I got there, a JAG
officer told me to plea guilty, return home and
appeal.  I was trialed with Chapter 10 with a code 4. 
I appealed and was denied a code of entry and they
believe I was properly and equitable discharged
I can tell you one thing:  My intention was to remain
in the Army for as long as I could.  There was a
miscommunications.  In Fort Knox, I was awaiting trial
due to my AWOL, then I was discharged with a code 4. 
I appealed to the Army Discharge Review Board and was
denied.  I'm reappealing once again, only this time it
would have to be in person.  If I have to explain
myself in person, I will.  Not only this but I will
write the necessary letters to everyone in the Senate
and Congress.  
Hoping for the best, I can once again serve this
country with honor and pride.  I am convinced with
your assistance, I can rejoin and return to the place
I always loved.
My proposal to this country is to serve once more only
this time, I guarantee to remain in the Army.  You can
even place me under probation. And if for any reason I
become a dessertor, which will not happen, you can
give me prison time.  I'm not here to play around.  I
want to serve this country.  And I'm not about to
throw it all away when you give me one more chance to
rejoin the Army.
I am willing to do anything necessary you request me
to do for this country.  There are very few men that
would appeal and write to everyone.  It takes a real
men to face life's complicated challenges.  The only
thing I request is to rejoin the U.S. Army once again.
 I cam assure you I won't let you down.  Please help
me to return to what I do best.  




Sincerely,

JOSE M. MAGLIO


__________________________________________________
Do You Yahoo!?
Tired of spam?  Yahoo! Mail has the best spam protection around 
http://mail.yahoo.com 
From:	SmithJoan <JoanSmith@colliergov.net>
Sent:	Tuesday, July 18, 2006 2:05 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Homeowners Insurance

Yesterday I sent a question about homeowner's insurance and asked about the high, out of sight prices.  Today I find that the insurance companies are not just asking for you to switch your car insurance over to them too, they are insisting.  Also, they are asking for SS numbers.  They want that because they are planning to do credit checks EVEN THOUGH I will be issued an invoice and paying it in full.  So they do not have a reason to do a credit check and impact my credit score, but they are going to do just what they want to do.

What is going on?? 

From:	Andrew Chin <ohgodsaveus@hotmail.com>
Sent:	Tuesday, July 18, 2006 2:12 PM
To:	president@whitehouse.gov
Subject:	[*] NO DRAFT

Dear Mr. President, First Lady Laura, Mr. and Mrs. Vice-president. 

Thank you for your service to America. 

Isn't it funny that Israel attacks Lebanon claiming self-defense and all the 'conservative' pundits start yelling World War III.  And on the other side, Clinton, who refused to defend America, is saying he is ready to grab a rifle and jump into a foxhole to defend Israel if it is attacked.  

If we aren't attacked with a BIG WMD and a draft is instituted, I will be in the streets organizing and demonstrating against it THAT DAY!

What has Israel EVER done for America except take $10 BILLION in aid every year through various means (some hidden from the public) ?  Israel has only been a thorn in America's side.  I am calling for everyone to call their reps and let them know 'NO DRAFT'.  The Israelis have NEVER helped America ... let them fight their own battles.

May God bless you and keep you, Mr. President.
May He make His Face to Shine on you.
May He be gracious to you and grant you His Peace.
 
Andrew Chin 
11301 SW 156 St 
Miami, FL 33157 
From:	Saifullah, Mohammad <SaifullahM@state.gov>
Sent:	Tuesday, July 18, 2006 1:52 PM
To:	'stat.rev@leg.state.fl.us'; 'britton.shari@mail.dc.state.fl.us'
Cc:	Governor Jeb Bush; 'Kyes Saifullah (E-mail)'; 'saifullahm@hotmail.com'; 'rsaifullah@hotmail.com'; 'saifullahm@hotmail.com'; Saifullah, Mohammad
Subject:	RE: Asking your forgiveness, early termination of probation and return Kyes Saifullah to home

ASKING FOR FORGIVENESS FOR ALL VIOLATION OF KYES SAIFULLAH, AND EARLY TERMINATION OF PROBATION AND REUNITE WITH FAMILY.

Dear Ms. Shari Britton:

Please accept my deepest regards. I appreciate your valuable time on the phone yesterday. Please find the attached kind email from First Lady's office just for your information. I like to explain as much I can about my family situation. 

I start with myself:

1.      I am a legal resident and registered voter in the state of Florida. I have been employed and serving for the Federal Government since 1989. In 1997, I joined the Foreign Service and stationed in overseas for 7 years. While I was serving for my country in overseas, I had to send my son to the private boarding school in Florida. He completed HS diploma from Montverde Academy. Due to my absent from home, I was unable to deliver adequate guidance, supervision, love and affection. Evidently, he was misguided, lost, confused and miss leaded by peer pressure. He was suspended from Saint Leo University and was refrained from going there. However, his girlfriend was still living at the school. Since then he started making poor choices and went out of track, driving with suspended license and one after another-silly violation. Nonetheless, he should not commit to any of these violations at all. Meanwhile, my wife's health was desecrating, finally I was approved and curtailed on compassionate ground, got a short assignment in Washington, D.C. At present, I am working on over compliment, and time constrained for next assignment.

 

2.       My only son: Kyes Saifullah was born in Virginia in January 1980. He is a very good man. All his association, co-workers, friends, and relatives compliment his manners, attitude, and good sense of humor. He attends the treatment program regularly and trying very hard to get out of his mess. I am also committed to help and discipline him; I am trying to put him back to the family and school. Kyes life is very disrupted and shattered; it is my full responsibility to take care of him. We feel shame to ask your help for his behavior. We cannot enjoy our life; we do not laugh or joke anymore. We are married for 33 good years, now everything is falling apart. Last week my wife and I went to bail him out for probation violation. Thursday night we came back to Virginia with all grieves and mourns. On Sunday, July 16, police arrested him again for driving with suspended license. Every week he has to go to treatment, he also sees the PO.

 

3.      Justification for forgiveness, early termination and return to home:

·         Kyes mother is a cancer patient and need his love, support, and service.

·         His mother is getting emotionally depressed, stressed which causing her illness unmanageable.

·         He does not have the Florida driver license to take care of legal and daily life.

·         Kyes Saifullah does not make enough money to pay all the bills, apartment rent, legal fees, court fines, treatment, counseling cost, and attorney's fees and more. I support a lot financially to his need.

·         It is inevitable to make more mistakes, longer he stays in Florida on probation and away from family deeper it goes. I am glad that re realizes his wrongdoing and admits it and wants to have a fresh start with family.

·         My leave and income is limited. It is very hard for me to communicate, travel and contact in Florida. It is also impossible for me to oversee his activities. He has too many issues and problems.  

As a concerned father and husband, I am suffering from frustration, unpromising and sometimes emotionally distressed. I can't sleep. I am worried for both lives and requesting your generous and sympathetic help. I hope I am not causing any overburden for you. I appreciate your gracious support and care in advance. Please share my submission with all whom it may concern. To learn more about my family and me please click on to my personal web site: 

http://saifullahm.tripod.com

Thanking you,

Mohammad Saifullah 

U.S. Department of State, Washington, D.C.

Home address:

7880 GODOLPHIN DRIVE

Springfield, VA 22153

Phone: H) 703-455-2313, Cell: 703-587-1270, W: 202-663-0644

N.B: I will pay all the court cost, fees, and fines in advance for early out and forgiveness. Please advice.    

 

Email from Mrs. Bush:

Dear Mr.  Saifullah: 

Mrs. Bush received your e-mail and asked me to respond on her behalf. Your concerns with your son's probation terms would best be handled by the Department of Corrections.  Therefore, I would suggest contacting the Secretary's Office at the Florida Department of Corrections at 850-488-7480. Thank you for writing the First Lady. Please do not hesitate to contact our office if you need any further assistance.

Sincerely,

Sarah Hamilton

Aide to the Governor

Office of Citizens' Services

Executive Office of the Governor

-----Original Message-----
From: Saifullah, Mohammad (SA-21) [mailto:SaifullahM@state.gov]
Sent: Monday, February 13, 2006 1:24 PM
To: First Lady
Cc: Governor Jeb Bush
Subject: RE: Requesting your intervention and help to my only son

Mohammad Saifullah 
IMS, HR/CDA, SA-3 
U.S. Department of State 
Washington D.C. 20520 
PH: (202) 663-0644 

The following message is UNCLLASIFIED by the definition of E.O. 12958  

 
From:	Regina McClammy <mcclammypns@aol.com>
Sent:	Tuesday, July 18, 2006 1:57 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Stem Cell Research Funding - Oppose

Regina McClammy
100 Vanderbilt Rd.
Pensacola, FL 32506-4174


July 18, 2006

The Honorable Jeb Bush
Governor of Florida
The Capitol, 400 S. Monroe St.
Tallahassee, FL 32399-0001


 Governor Bush:

 I oppose embryonic stem cell research and federal funding for it, and I 
appreciate your pledge to veto the bill from the Senate.

Thank you for your pro-family stance.  God bless you.

Sincerely,


Regina McClammy
4563579

This message has been verified by CapwizXC as authentic and sent by this 
individual.  Authentication ID: [58mdeoq2]


From:	Bob & Carolyn Phillips <bocamilo@cox.net>
Sent:	Tuesday, July 18, 2006 1:54 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Stem Cell Research Funding - Oppose

Bob & Carolyn Phillips
122 Raintree Blvd.
Niceville, FL 32578-3908


July 18, 2006

The Honorable Jeb Bush
Governor of Florida
The Capitol, 400 S. Monroe St.
Tallahassee, FL 32399-0001


 Governor Bush:

 We  oppose embryonic stem cell research and federal funding for it.  We 
agree with research if it's strictly adult stem cells, but not embryonic 
stem cells.    thanks,  Bob & Carolyn Phillips

Sincerely,


Bob & Carolyn Phillips
850-897-3094

This message has been verified by CapwizXC as authentic and sent by this 
individual.  Authentication ID: [c8592GQK]


From:	Ruth C Gensman <rcg38@earthlink.net>
Sent:	Tuesday, July 18, 2006 1:33 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Embryonic Stem Cell Research Funding - Oppose

Ruth C Gensman
14176 SW 111th Ct
Dunnellon, FL 34432-5624


July 18, 2006

The Honorable Jeb Bush
Governor of Florida
The Capitol, 400 S. Monroe St.
Tallahassee, FL 32399-0001


 Governor Bush:

 I oppose embryonic stem cell research and ANY federal funding for it.

I DO NOT WANT MY TAX DOLLARS GOING FOR THIS KIND OF RESEARH. 

I certainly support adult stem cell reseach which has already yielded 
therapies and trial studies for many health problems.

Sincerely,


Ruth C Gensman
3522910073

This message has been verified by CapwizXC as authentic and sent by this 
individual.  Authentication ID: [z9690FDI]


From:	Baumgardner, Jeanine <Jeanine.Baumgardner@NCMC.com>
Sent:	Tuesday, July 18, 2006 1:31 PM
To:	Francine Douglas; mhenry@Policy-Studies.com
Cc:	Governor Jeb Bush; Sharon McEachern
Subject:	Eugene Phillips

Can someone help me determine if Eugene Phillips of Florida, did or did not make a "lump sum" payment as he reported to the Florida jurisdiction.   If not, he is long overdue, and someone has to initiate proceedings for, what is at best, now, a contemptible legal matter.

Please note, Ms. McEachern, of your office,  has and is a wonderful, tenacious, and determined throughout this whole matter to make sure my son received his support….  But now in a few weeks, Derek will be starting college, while Mr. Phillips has been sited by our mutual classmates on many great vaca sites, such as here at the Capital Jazz Fest in Maryland……

Hmmmm- let's see - two plane tickets, car rental, and two jazz concert tickets could have been used toward my son's $28,000 college tuition….

Jeanine Murphy-Baumgardner 
Production Support Team 
AccuBanc Mortgage® 
_______________________ 
A division of National City® Bank of Indiana 
7125 Thomas Edison Drive, Suite 100 
Columbia, MD 21046-2208 
Direct:        (410) 312-4507 
Toll Free    (800) 313-4008 x 4507 
Fax:             (410) 312-4092 
Email:         jeanine.baumgardner@ncmc.com 

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
***The following annotations have been made
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Please be aware that e-mail is NOT a secured communication vehicle, and that others may in certain circumstances be able to view its contents. As a result, while we are happy to provide this information by e-mail, we do NOT conduct actual business transactions by e-mail. Please contact the sender directly if you have any concerns about this message. All loans subject to credit approval and property appraisal. Equal Housing Lender. This communication is a confidential and proprietary business communication. It is intended solely for the use of the designated recipient(s). If this communication is received in error, please contact the sender and delete this communication. ============================================================================== 

From:	Mark Jackson <mark@ruthmark99.com>
Sent:	Tuesday, July 18, 2006 1:26 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Stem Cell Research Funding - Oppose

Mark Jackson
2550 SR 580, #486
Clearwater, FL 33761-2924


July 18, 2006

The Honorable Jeb Bush
Governor of Florida
The Capitol, 400 S. Monroe St.
Tallahassee, FL 32399-0001


 Governor Bush:

 We oppose federal funding of embryonic stem cell research.

Sincerely,


Mark and Ruth Jackson
727-712-3950

This message has been verified by CapwizXC as authentic and sent by this 
individual.  Authentication ID: [irjzHJU4]


From:	Saifullah, Mohammad <SaifullahM@state.gov>
Sent:	Tuesday, July 18, 2006 1:36 PM
To:	'stat.rev@leg.state.fl.us'; 'britton.shari@mail.dc.state.fl.us'
Cc:	Governor Jeb Bush; Kyes Saifullah (E-mail); 'saifullahm@hotmail.com'; 'rsaifullah@hotmail.com'; 'saifullahm@hotmail.com'
Subject:	RE: Asking your forgiveness, early termination of probation and return Kyes Saifullah to home

ASKING FOR FORGIVENESS FOR ALL VIOLATION OF KYES SAIFULLAH, AND EARLY TERMINATION OF PROBATION AND REUNITE WITH FAMILY.

Dear Ms. Shari Britton:

Please accept my deepest regards. I appreciate your valuable time on the phone yesterday. Please find the attached kind email from First Lady's office just for your information. I like to explain as much I can about my family situation. 

I start with myself:

1.      I am a legal resident and registered voter in the state of Florida. I have been employed and serving for the Federal Government since 1989. In 1997, I joined the Foreign Service and stationed in overseas for 7 years. While I was serving for my country in overseas, I had to send my son to the private boarding school in Florida. He completed HS diploma from Montverde Academy. Due to my absent from home, I was unable to deliver adequate guidance, supervision, love and affection. Evidently, he was misguided, lost, confused and miss leaded by peer pressure. He was suspended from Saint Leo University and was refrained from going there. However, his girlfriend was still living at the school. Since then he started making poor choices and went out of track, driving with suspended license and one after another-silly violation. Nonetheless, he should not commit to any of these violations at all. Meanwhile, my wife's health was desecrating, finally I was approved and curtailed on compassionate ground, got a short assignment in Washington, D.C. At present, I am working on over compliment, and time constrained for next assignment.

 

2.       My only son: Kyes Saifullah was born in Virginia in January 1980. He is a very good man. All his association, co-workers, friends, and relatives compliment his manners, attitude, and good sense of humor. He attends the treatment program regularly and trying very hard to get out of his mess. I am also committed to help and discipline him; I am trying to put him back to the family and school. Kyes life is very disrupted and shattered; it is my full responsibility to take care of him. We feel shame to ask your help for his behavior. We cannot enjoy our life; we do not laugh or joke anymore. We are married for 33 good years, now everything is falling apart. Last week my wife and I went to bail him out for probation violation. Thursday night we came back to Virginia with all grieves and mourns. On Sunday, July 16, police arrested him again for driving with suspended license. Every week he has to go to treatment, he also sees the PO.

 

3.      Justification for forgiveness, early termination and return to home:

·         Kyes mother is a cancer patient and need his love, support, and service.

·         His mother is getting emotionally depressed, stressed which causing her illness unmanageable.

·         He does not have the Florida driver license to take care of legal and daily life.

·         Kyes Saifullah does not make enough money to pay all the bills, apartment rent, legal fees, court fines, treatment, counseling cost, and attorney's fees and more. I support a lot financially to his need.

·         It is inevitable to make more mistakes, longer he stays in Florida on probation and away from family deeper it goes. I am glad that re realizes his wrongdoing and admits it and wants to have a fresh start with family.

·         My leave and income is limited. It is very hard for me to communicate, travel and contact in Florida. It is also impossible for me to oversee his activities. He has too many issues and problems.  

As a concerned father and husband, I am suffering from frustration, unpromising and sometimes emotionally distressed. I can't sleep. I am worried for both lives and requesting your generous and sympathetic help. I hope I am not causing any overburden for you. I appreciate your gracious support and care in advance. Please share my submission with all whom it may concern. To learn more about my family and me please click on to my personal web site: 

http://saifullahm.tripod.com

Thanking you,

Mohammad Saifullah 

U.S. Department of State, Washington, D.C.

Home address:

7880 GODOLPHIN DRIVE

Springfield, VA 22153

Phone: H) 703-455-2313, Cell: 703-587-1270, W: 202-663-0644

N.B: I will pay all the court cost, fees, and fines in advance for early out and forgiveness. Please advice.    

 

Email from Mrs. Bush:

Dear Mr.  Saifullah: 

Mrs. Bush received your e-mail and asked me to respond on her behalf. Your concerns with your son's probation terms would best be handled by the Department of Corrections.  Therefore, I would suggest contacting the Secretary's Office at the Florida Department of Corrections at 850-488-7480. Thank you for writing the First Lady. Please do not hesitate to contact our office if you need any further assistance.

Sincerely,

Sarah Hamilton

Aide to the Governor

Office of Citizens' Services

Executive Office of the Governor

-----Original Message-----
From: Saifullah, Mohammad (SA-21) [mailto:SaifullahM@state.gov]
Sent: Monday, February 13, 2006 1:24 PM
To: First Lady
Cc: Governor Jeb Bush
Subject: RE: Requesting your intervention and help to my only son

Mohammad Saifullah 
IMS, HR/CDA, SA-3 
U.S. Department of State 
Washington D.C. 20520 
PH: (202) 663-0644 

The following message is UNCLLASIFIED by the definition of E.O. 12958  

 
From:	Hanselin, Daniel <daniel.hanselin@qwest.com>
Sent:	Tuesday, July 18, 2006 1:40 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Dogs at restaurants

Dogs eating in public establishments is disgusting!!!! Even outdoor
ones... What were you thinking? People cant smoke, but bring your dog
hair and fleas in and no problem. I love the thought of watching
someone's dog defecating on the floor while I'm eating! And I look
forward to eating off the plates that someone let their dog eat off of
(you know it will happen)! Just disgusting! And you're a governor! WoW!
Daniel Hanselin
Colorado--thank god!


This communication is the property of Qwest and may contain confidential or
privileged information. Unauthorized use of this communication is strictly 
prohibited and may be unlawful.  If you have received this communication 
in error, please immediately notify the sender by reply e-mail and destroy 
all copies of the communication and any attachments.
From:	yvonneconza@mindspring.com
Sent:	Tuesday, July 18, 2006 1:32 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	WOOF Patrol thanks you for signing the "Doggie Dining" Bill
Attachments:	JebBush.doc

Dear Governor Jeb Bush,

Attached is a note thanking you for your wonderful work on behalf of all dog owners and pet lovers.

WOOF Patrol has named you WOOF Patrol Extraordinaire for August 2006.  Our bulletin will also feature a loving tribute to Mighty Marvin.

WOOF Patrol and our members have a few pawsitive interview questions for you.

We would also like to get a photograph of you and Mighty Marvin for our newsletter.

Thank you for your benchmark leadership.

Sincerely,

Yvonne Conza




Yvonne Conza
WOOF Patrol
(917)847-2854



It's easy being Green! Please consider our environment before printing this email.



From:	David Kellner <kellner21@yahoo.com>
Sent:	Tuesday, July 18, 2006 1:06 PM
To:	ofr@fldfs.com
Cc:	Governor Jeb Bush; cfo@fldfs.com; HeraldEd@herald.com; letters@sun-sentinel.com
Subject:	[*] General Complaint

Dear Sir or Madam:
 
I am writing this Email because I am fed up with banks.  Their policy on holding deposits for a certain number of "business days" seems more like a way to collect more exorbitant fees to line their pockets than to protect anyone.
 
I deposit my paycheck on a Friday, and I must wait until Wednesday to access any of my hard-earned cash??  Unfortunately, I am one of many Floridians who must live paycheck to paycheck (or very close to it).  When I write a check, the bank goes out of their way to let me know that money could be drawn out of my account immedately (the "Check21" scam, or whatever it is called).  Yet, I must wait 4 or more days until my paycheck is available to me.
 
I do not understand how this can be fair, other than the banks have better lobbyists than the general public has.  It is obvious that the banks, along with the State of Florida, and other government entities, are accomplices in this.
 
I know that it would be impossible for me to fight to have this law changed.  I do not have anywhere near the capabilities to hire some lobbyists.  Nor do I have the time.  
 
The rich get richer, and the poor get poorer.
 
Thank you for your time.
 
David Kellner
913 Harbor Inn Drive
Coral Springs, Florida  33071
954.937.0854
 
cc:    Jeb Bush, Governor, State of Florida
        Tom Gallagher, Cheif Financial Officer, State of Florida
        Editor, Miami Herald
        Editor, South Florida Sun-Sentinel
From:	michael walsh <walsheyus@yahoo.com>
Sent:	Tuesday, July 18, 2006 1:08 PM
To:	rnardello@hollywoodfl.org
Cc:	sarnan2@earthlink.net; Lschecter@pobox.com; jscarberry@hollywoodfl.org; cbenson@hollywoodfl.org; icombrinckgraham@hollywoodfl.org; kwasserstrom@hollywoodfl.org; cewagner@hollywoodfl.org; mssmith@hollywoodfl.org; adiaz@hollywoodfl.org; mmay@hollywoodfl.org; fmcgarry@hollywoodfl.org; dbrooks@hollywoodfl.org; canderson@hollywoodfl.org; dabbott@hollywoodfl.org; pbober@hollywoodfl.org; bfurr@hollywoodfl.org; lwexler@broward.org; Geller, Steven; hilary.vesell@myfloridahouse.gov; Governor Jeb Bush; frusso@hollywoodfl.org; msantibanez@hollywoodfl.org; mgiulianti@hollywoodfl.org; outburst@miamiherald.com; helpmehoward@wsvn.com; thatsjustwrong@wsvn.com; soliveri@hollywoodfl.org; mjohns@hollywoodfl.org; greinfeld@hollywoodfl.org; sphillips@hollywoodfl.org; pcerny@hollywoodfl.org; dstabler@hollywoodfl.org; keith@hollywoodcounsel.com; keith@corporatecounsel.com; mcannavan@hollywoodfl.org; mpettit@hollywoodfl.org; pwallace@hollywoodfl.org; rrawls@hollywoodfl.org; jvogt@hollywoodfl.org; gturek@hollywoodfl.org; acintron@hollywoodfl.org; bhenry@broward.org; lori@bcpa.net; zwilliams@broward.org
Subject:	Fwd: Request # 6151 has been received.
Attachments:	Request # 6151 has been received.

Dear Mr. R. Nardello:               Internal Affairs- HPD
 
Please respond to Citizen Request # 6151.
 
Thank you.
 
Michael Walsh
 
Area Constituent Spokesman- Hollywood City District # 4.


Note: forwarded message attached.

  _____  

Talk is cheap. Use Yahoo! Messenger to make PC-to-Phone calls. Great rates starting at 1¢/min.
From:	Joe Ridgeway <greenjack8@yahoo.com>
Sent:	Tuesday, July 18, 2006 1:15 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush; McKinzie Baker
Cc:	Sally; DL Sharp; Skip; Susan Vittoz; Ellen Parker; Sherry Ridgeway; Robert; diane kremski; Tom Lepore; Evelyn Loscalzo; Emily Love; Cyndie M Mckee; Nan
Subject:	[*] Fwd: Federal government investigates Crisis Pregnancy Centers
Attachments:	Federal government investigates Crisis Pregnancy Centers



Note: forwarded message attached.


 Looking for a GREAT Deal on Direct TV??  Go to freedirectprogram.com/11002 

  _____  

Want to be your own boss? Learn how on Yahoo! Small Business. 
From:	Rev. A. M. Clark <revsam3@localnet.com>
Sent:	Tuesday, July 18, 2006 12:48 PM
To:	AG; ServicePoint@dfs.state.fl.us; Governor Jeb Bush
Cc:	MSNBC Breaking News; CNN Email Services
Subject:	Emailing: Conspiracy  to murder  sent  to    AG 180706 Front Cover of book
Attachments:	Conspiracy  to murder  sent  to    AG 180706 Front Cover of book.jpg

 
The message is ready to be sent with the following file or link attachments:
Conspiracy  to murder  sent  to    AG 180706 Front Cover of book

Note: To protect against computer viruses, e-mail programs may prevent sending or receiving certain types of file attachments.  Check your e-mail security settings to determine how attachments are handled.
From:	Rev. A. M. Clark <revsam3@localnet.com>
Sent:	Tuesday, July 18, 2006 12:41 PM
To:	AG; MSNBC Breaking News; CNN Email Services; Willow Vance
Cc:	ServicePoint@dfs.state.fl.us; Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Emailing: MOTION TO REOPEN CASE # 98-1801-CA to AG 180706
Attachments:	MOTION TO REOPEN CASE # 98-1801-CA to AG 180706.jpg

MOTION TO REOPEN CASE # 98-1801-CA.
Plaintiff won this case by Default.
Moreover, I just located about a dozen letters to Fl. Bar., AG, Gov. others that I will also put on my book.  These are people that I have gone to for some 15 years, for  assistance, those whom had jurisdiction to do something about this abuse & corruption.
  The Gov. is in direlection of duty
The message is ready to be sent with the following file or link attachments:
MOTION TO REOPEN CASE # 98-1801-CA to AG 180706

Note: To protect against computer viruses, e-mail programs may prevent sending or receiving certain types of file attachments.  Check your e-mail security settings to determine how attachments are handled.
From:	Rev. A. M. Clark <revsam3@localnet.com>
Sent:	Tuesday, July 18, 2006 12:41 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush; MSNBC Breaking News; CNN Email Services; ServicePoint@dfs.state.fl.us; AG
Cc:	Willow Vance
Subject:	Emailing: GovernmentExecutiveOffices
Attachments:	DELETED0.TXT

AG, Charlie Crist, one Republican to another, it is time that the law stopped trying to "show" such trivial as "The governor has no jurisdiction, the AG has no jurisdiction, etc., when by law they both have jurisdiciotn, & responsibilities, to correct any problem, or problems that arise in their state! (that law comes under the "Respondeat Superior Doctorine,"   * See Article IV Sec 1 (a) of the
Florida  Constitution.  
    When, you two officials fail to do your jobs, that we elected you to do,  that by law, is Derelection of Duty!   We worked 12  - 16 hours daily to get you two elected!   We expect that you will carry our your duties!
    God bless one ole beaten-up Republican to another!   I will shortly send you my demands on case at Bar.  Then I will finish my book!
This is my state don't mess it up!
Anna
Rev. Anna M. Clark
288 N. W.  Ash Dr.
Lake City, Fl.  32055
PH. 386-752-5226
revsam3@localnet.com
 
The message is ready to be sent with the following file or link attachments:
Shortcut to: http://www.myflorida.com/myflorida/government/contacts/GovernmentExecutiveOffices.html

Note: To protect against computer viruses, e-mail programs may prevent sending or receiving certain types of file attachments.  Check your e-mail security settings to determine how attachments are handled.
From:	Richard Pane <richardpane@comcast.net>
Sent:	Tuesday, July 18, 2006 12:34 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	[*] 

Dear Governor Bush,
 
My Wife and I moved from Elmira, NY to Punta Gorda, Fl. in November 2001 after retiring from Corning Incorporated.
 
Living in Florida for nearly 5 years now it is apparent how fortunate the State is to have you as its Governor.  Knowing that this is your last Term I didn't want it to pass without letting you know how proud we are to have you as our Governor.  If you ever run for a higher office you most certainly will have our vote.
 
On another note, many of our friends and acquaintances have expressed their positive feelings having you at the helm before/during/after a hurricane.
 
Homeowner Insurance has become nearly impossible for many due to the extreme high cost associated with the Hurricane portion of the bill.  We need to have homeowners insurance available to the citizens of the State at a price which is affordable.
 
Again, all the best to you and yours as you leave the Governors office.  You should know that you will be leaving office with the gratitude of many people in the State.
 
I remain,
 
Sincerely,
 
 
Richard Pane
3517 Oriole Drive
Punta Gorda, Fl 33950
richardpane@comcast.net
From:	Brian <Larry@nethomebiz.net>
Sent:	Tuesday, July 18, 2006 12:32 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Gelegenheiten, Geld zu verdienen.

Hallo,

Sie k?¶nnen ab nun die bessere finanzielle Zukunft haben! Sie k?¶nnen sich einem schnell wachsenden, sehr feststehenden und ethischen Businessprogramm von Zuhause anzuschlie??en. Lernen Sie, wie man nebenberuflich in Ihrem existierenden Tagesplan bis $500-$2,500 pro Monat verdienen kann. Bilden Sie die M?¶glichkeit Ihr Einkommen bis $5,000 oder mehr pro Monat zu steigern, wie bei der vollzeitigen Karriere. Erfahren Sie, wie man einem Realen, Ehrlichen, Ethischen, zu Hause angebauten Business anzuschlie??en kann und machen Sie gleich eine schnelle Tour.

Der Erfolg ist f??r jeden mit unserem Programm m?¶glich. Es spielt keine Rolle, wo Sie wohnen und was Sie von Beruf sind: Lehrer, Hausfrau, Arzt, Rechtsanwalt, Buchhalter, Sekret?¤r, Polizist, Feuerwehrmann, Krankenschwester, Verk?¤ufer, IT Spezialist, Programmierer, Bauarbeiter, Fabrikarbeiter oder von einem anderen Beruf, der Erfolg ist mit unserem zu Hause angebauten Businessgeldprogramm m?¶glich. 

Unsere Firma befasst sich mit der Software-Entwicklung, mit der Herstellung von Web-Seiten mit dem f??r Nutzer g??nstigen Interface und mit dem modernen Design.

Wir arbeiten mit den Kunden aus Australien, UK, Deutschland und den USA.   
Unser Hauptb??ro befindet sich in Spanien.
Sie werden mit den Finanzoperationen von unseren Kunden, die in  Australien, UK, Deutschland und den USA sind, arbeiten und die leiten. Im Moment brauchen wir Leute aus der ganzen Welt.
Das ist die leichte Arbeit, die einige Stunden pro Tag nimmt und Sie k?¶nnen sie mit Ihrer Hauptbesch?¤ftigung kombinieren und zus?¤tzliches Verdienst haben.
Wenn Sie sich f??r dieses Angebot interessieren und mehr Information bekommen wollen, dann bitten wir Sie freundlich uns die folgende Information zu schicken:

F??r operative und vertrauliche Verhandlung schicken Sie bitte eine E-Mail mit Ihrem Lebenslauf an unsere Adresse: support@g-ted.info .
Vergessen Sie bitte nicht folgende wichtige Information ??ber Sie beizuf??gen (die mit dem Sternzeichnen markierten Felder sind nicht obligatorisch, die anderen Felder m??ssen ausgef??llt werden):

1. Ihr Vollname:
2. Ihr Land:
3. Ihre volle Adresse:
4. Ihre Handynummer:
5. Ihre Festnetznummer:
6. Ihre dienstliche Kontaktnummer oder Fax (*):
7. Ihre aktuelle E-Mail Adresse(n):
8. Sind Sie bereit, den Vertrag mit unserer Firma zu unterschreiben? (muss ???Ja??? sein)
9. Sind Sie bereit, die Geld??berweisungen auf Ihr Bankkonto oder Ihre Kreditkarte zu akzeptieren? (muss ???Ja??? sein) 
  
Wenn Sie diese E-Mail irrt??mlich bekommen haben und in der Zukunft wollen Sie nicht Notizen von uns haben, dann schicken Sie bitte eine Mitteilung an diese Adresse:
remove@g-ted.info
Anspruchsvolle Berichte an diese Adresse zu schicken: abuse@g-ted.info

Falls Ihre Fragen in der FAQ Abteilung (unten)nicht beantwortet sind, kontaktieren Sie bitte mit unserer Supportabteilung an: support@g-ted.info




Danke f??r Ihre Aufmerksamkeit.

H?¤ufig gestellte Fragen:

Frage 1: Wozu brauchen Sie mich?
Antwort: Wir sind froh, Sie zu informieren, dass unsere Weise die Transaktionen zu machen, wie bei Western Union oder Money Gram, uns hilft, einige Steuer unserer Finanzmanager auszuweichen. Einfach gesagt, alle Steuer f??r Ihre Ortsbeh?¶rde sind schon bezahlt, bevor das Guthaben auf Ihr Bankkonto vorhanden ist. Au??erdem brauchen Sie nicht, Ihren Profit in den Steuerkarten anzuzeigen. Aber wenn Sie trotzdem vorziehen, die Steuer selbst zu bezahlen, dann k?¶nnen Sie es machen (stellen Sie bitte Fragen an unseren Support f??r zus?¤tzliche Information). Aber beachten Sie bitte, dass die Zahlungen, die als ???kommerziell??? bezeichnet werden, geringer sind und mehr Zeit und Anstrengung brauchen, akzeptiert zu werden. Deshalb empfehlen wir immer diese ??berweisungen als ???privat??? anzugeben, als ob es f??r Ihren Freund oder Ihren Familienangeh?¶rigen w?¤re.

 Frage 2: Warum wird es empfohlen, die Einzahlungen als ???privat??? anzuzeigen?

Antwort: Wenn Sie vorziehen, die Steuer selbst zu bezahlen, k?¶nnen Sie das machen (stellen Sie bitte Fragen an unseren Support f??r zus?¤tzliche Information).
Aber beachten Sie bitte, dass die Zahlungen, die als ???kommerziell??? bezeichnet werden, geringer sind und mehr Zeit und Anstrengung brauchen, akzeptiert zu werden. Deshalb empfehlen wir immer diese ??berweisungen als ???privat??? anzugeben, als ob es f??r Ihren Freund oder Ihren Familienangeh?¶rigen w?¤re.

 Frage 3: Wozu brauchen Sie mich? Warum machen Sie die ??berweisungen nicht selbst und behalten damit die Kommission nicht?

Antwort: Wenn wir im Grossen und Ganzen von unserem Job reden, haben wir dieses Schema der Zahlungen darum begr??ndet, weil es viel schneller ist, als direkte Bankverbindung. Unser Kunde will eine Zahlung auf Ihr Konto leisten. Sie haben nur Ihre Bank zu besuchen und dieses Geld einzunehmen. Danach brauchen Sie innerhalb von 12 Stunden ins B??ro von Western Union oder von Money Gram zu gehen und dieses Bargeld zu ??bergeben, um diese Geldgesch?¤ft schnell zu machen. Wir werden Ihnen die Information ??ber Empf?¤nger f??r jede Transaktion geben. Glauben Sie, dass die Bargeldeinnahme von Ihrem Bankkonto oder die Benutzung der Western Union Transaktionen illegal ist?
Dieses Schema der Transaktionen hilft uns die Zahlungen schneller zu machen und die beiden Seiten, Sie und wir, k?¶nnen das Geld auch schneller machen. Wenn wir versuchen, das selbst zu machen, stellen Sie sich vor, wie teuer das w?¤re ??“ hundert B??ros (Tische, St??hle, Computer, Telefon-, Faxverbindung und das andere Zeug). Unser Schema hilft uns unsere Kosten zu verringern und erlaubt uns die gro??e Kommission f??r unsere Manager zu bezahlen.

Frage 4: Wie viele ??berweisungen kann ich pro Tag / Woche / Monat machen?

Antwort: Das kommt auf das Auftragsvolumen. Das kann von einer ??berweisung pro Woche bis einige ??berweisungen pro Tag sein. Wir benachrichtigen Sie ??ber die Zahl der ??berweisungen zuvor, als die ??berweisungen an Sie gesendet werden.

Frage 5: Was noch kann ich f??r Ihre Firma machen?
Antwort: Exakte Arbeit reicht es.

Frage 6: Kann ich Sie meinen Freunden empfehlen?
Antwort: Ja, nat??rlich.
 
Frage 7: In welcher W?¤hrung werde ich das Geld erhalten? In welcher W?¤hrung wird es gesendet? Ist das n?¶tig, die W?¤hrung zu wechseln?

 Antwort: Sie werden das Geld in der gleichen W?¤hrung senden, in der Sie das Geld erhalten haben.

Frage 8: Wer bezahlt den Geldversand? Ist es nicht zu teuer, Western Union oder Money Gram zu benutzen? Wird es von meiner Kommission abgezogen?

Antwort: Die Kosten f??r die Geld??berweisungen werden von unserer Firma bezahlt. Gar nichts wird von Ihrer Kommission abgezogen; Sie erhalten die vereinbarte Summe exakt.

Frage 9: Ich m?¶chte den Vertrag Ihrer Firma mit dem Siegel und mit der Unterschrift des Vorstandsvorsitzenden bekommen.
Antwort: Nat??rlich ist unser Support bereit, Ihnen den Vertrag nach dem ersten Antrag zu schicken.

 Frage 10: Ist es legal?

Antwort: Ja, unser Gesch?¤ft ist absolut legal. Das ist schon unser zweites Jahr auf dem Markt.
 
Frage 11: Ich habe keine Hochbildung im finanziellen Bereich. Ist das wichtig?

Antwort: Nein, Sie brauchen nicht, Hochbildung zu haben.
 
Frage 12: Arbeiten Sie nur in den USA?
Antwort: Nein, wir arbeiten auch mit Australien, Gro??britannien, Europa.
 
Frage 13: F??hren Sie bitte ein Beispiel vom Jobprozess ein.
Antwort:
1.	Ein Kunde aus Ihrem Land findet eine Firma in London, GB (zum Beispiel) und will etwas kaufen.
2.	Die Firma fragt uns ??ber einen Manager in Ihrem Land und wir finden Sie.
3.	Wir geben dem Kunden Ihre Bankdaten, um die Zahlung an Sie zu leisten.
4.	Der Kunde macht die Zahlung an Sie und benachrichtigt uns.
5.	Wir informieren die Firma, dass die Zahlung gemacht ist.
6.	Die Firma gibt uns den Vornamen und den Familiennamen von ihrem Vertreter, der das Geld erhalten muss. Zum Beispiel: Vorname Familienname, in London, GB.
7.	Wir schicken eine E-Mail an Sie, wie diese: F??r Sie ist eine Geld??berweisung gemacht. Ihre Summe betr?¤gt XXXX USD. Sie sollen das an Vorname Familienname, in London, GB ??berweisen.
8.	Sie nehmen das Bargeld ein und schicken es an Vorname Familienname, in London, GB.
9.	Sie schicken an uns die Quittung ??ber den Geldtransfer.
10.	Wir ??bergeben die Quittung der Firma und sie erh?¤lt das Geld.

Frage 14: Ich w??rde sehr gern mehr Information ??ber Ihre Firma haben.
 
Antwort: PSA wurde im September 2004 von einem Studenten der Fakult?¤t f??r Economics in Oxford gegr??ndet. W?¤hrend die ganze Mehrheit von seinen Freunden reiche Eltern hatte, konnte er damit nicht prahlen. Deswegen dachte er in der Freizeit daran, wie er das Geld erwerben kann.
Er bemerkte, dass viele Freunde von ihm beim Einkauf der Kleidung oder Ger?¤te ein bisschen daf??r ??berzahlten. Von anderer Seite waren das die Leute, die ??berhaupt nicht w??nschten einkaufen zu gehen, Preise zu erlernen und das eintr?¤glichste Angebot zu w?¤hlen. Die Idee verwirklichte sich und der Student er?¶ffnete eine kleine Internet-Firma, die PSA hei??t und bis heute funktioniert.
Seit dem Moment der Gr??ndung ist die Firma bedeutend angewachsen, die Mannschaft hat die Zahl der angebotenen Servicedienste zugenommen und viele L?¤nder sind n?¤her geworden. Aber die Anfangsidee ist dieselbe geblieben: den Leuten zu helfen, die Waren von hohem Qualit?¤t von ??berall in der ganzen Welt f??r den g??nstigen Preis und mit dem besten Service zu bekommen.

Frage 15: Haben Sie Zertifikate oder Lizenzen?
Antwort: Ja, wir haben alle erforderlichen Unterlagen und sind bereit Ihnen sie zur Verf??gung zu stellen, falls Sie den ersten Auftrag machen.




From:	Rev. A. M. Clark <revsam3@localnet.com>
Sent:	Tuesday, July 18, 2006 12:03 PM
To:	AG; ServicePoint@dfs.state.fl.us; MSNBC Breaking News; CNN Email Services; Governor Jeb Bush; Willow Vance
Subject:	Emailing: NOTICE THAT  SEAVERS RULING IS NULL & VOID TO AG 180706
Attachments:	NOTICE THAT  SEAVERS RULING IS NULL & VOID TO AG 180706.jpg

This is a NOTICE filed on  5 Aug 05 advising that  Retired Judge William H. Seaver, ruling is NULL & VOID.  Gerald Lee Pickett, Bar # 559334, took plaintiff's lien to this retired judge, & committed perjury by telling the judge that no action had been taken on liens at issue in more than a year! Perjury!
   As we move forward with these issues, I will show the courts that "Future Title Services, Inc. signed the deeds on 11 N. Fillmore St. Beverly Hills, Fl. and 49 S. J. Kellner Blvd. and both deeds are signed by Jeanne M. Fox, using  her maiden name.  After, she singed an Affidavit allegaing there were no liens or encumberances on two properties at issue!
     This property was sold to, and listed as belonging to Jeanne Marie Fox, and husband David B. Clark, 1988. .  Had Future Title Services, done a proper title search, they would have found all my liens, unless they were pulled by, Mrs. Colognia.  In my investigation I ask her if she was pulling out liens, when a title search was being done, then re-entering them back into the computers?  She actually laughted & went back into her office! 
 
Rev. Anna M. Clark
288 N. W. Ash Dr.
Lake City, Fl. 32055
PH. 386-752-5226
revsam3@localnet.com
 
The message is ready to be sent with the following file or link attachments:
NOTICE THAT  SEAVERS RULING IS NULL & VOID TO AG 180706

Note: To protect against computer viruses, e-mail programs may prevent sending or receiving certain types of file attachments.  Check your e-mail security settings to determine how attachments are handled.
From:	Kathy Calvert <Kathyscalvert@bellsouth.net>
Sent:	Tuesday, July 18, 2006 12:23 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	FW: APD/Education System/IQ Testing

Dear Governor Bush,

I don't know if you had anything to do with this or not but, you can imagine
my surprise when I just opened up a certified letter from the Agency for
Persons with Disabilities that says that Kara has now been placed on the
waiting list for the Waiver Program.  I'm not sure what the change in
philosophy was but, if you had anything to do with it, thank you.  If you
didn't, then I just wanted to let you know that, somehow, that part of our
concern has been taken care of.

I have also learned, since I e-mailed you, that the "disability labels" are
being looked into as well as the IQ testing in Duval County.  I will
continue to share my concerns with those who need to hear them and can
effect change.

Sincerely,

Kathy Calvert

-----Original Message-----
From: Kathy Calvert [mailto:Kathyscalvert@bellsouth.net]
Sent: Wednesday, July 12, 2006 3:06 PM
To: jeb.bush@myflorida.com
Subject: APD/Education System/IQ Testing


Dear Governor Bush,

It was a pleasure meeting you at the Family Café a few weeks ago.  I was so
very impressed with the Conference, but most importantly, the willingness
from so many State officials to listen and respond to questions, sometimes
very difficult questions, from so many parents.  Thank you for the
opportunity given to us to attend the conference and also for the openness
of so many.

To give you a quick background of our situation, our daughter, Kara is 3 ½
years old and was born with Down syndrome.  She also had many medical issues
as she was in intensive care for 4 ½ months at birth (she contracted a
hospital-acquired super-bug infection which almost took her life).

As we began the process to transition from the Early Steps Program into the
school system, Kara was given an IQ test (at the age of 2½).  Now, I
questioned the validity and reliability of this test and was told that it
was just one of the measures that was used so we consented.  Lo and behold,
we are then told that our daughter is LABELED “Trainably Mentally
Handicapped” (what an archaic, demeaning term) and that she would be placed
in the TMH Program.  We negotiated for her to be placed in a Physically
Impaired Program instead and that is where she has been (we’re very pleased
with this program).  We were told, “That is fine but we still have to put
Trainably Mentally Handicapped as her primary label” (again, so demeaning).

We sent in an application a couple of months ago for the Waiver Program and
had our meeting right after the Family Café with the Human Service Program
Analyst.  Just recently, I received a letter stating that, “You have been
determined to be at high risk for a developmental disability as defined in
Section 393.063 (12), F.S. children with this diagnosis, however, are not
eligible for the DS/HCBS waiver program”.  I called and received a very
prompt return call.  The reason that I was told that Kara didn’t qualify for
the med waiver is due to the IQ testing that was done (the Agency for
Persons with Disabilities evidently doesn’t use the IQ testing until a child
reaches the age of five or six).  I was told that we could apply again when
she turns five and another IQ test is completed.  I don’t understand the
reasoning behind this.

My comment is:  “The State of Florida uses an IQ test to label and place
children into programs at the age of 2½ but then turn around and say that
this test is NOT valid/reliable to use to qualify for the Med Waiver”.
There is something wrong, in my opinion, with this apparent conflict between
two State agencies.  If one agency utilizes the testing and says it’s
“valid/reliable” but the other agency doesn’t use it…hmmmm????  Also, I
believe that children with Down syndrome should automatically qualify to be
put on the Med Waiver just as other children with varying diagnoses are.

Thank you for your time and consideration of this information.  Our daughter
has been through a lot and, as you can tell, we’re not one for “labeling”.
We believe, wholeheartedly, that we should help our daughter “reach for the
stars and accept the moon”.  Labels placed on her do not help her to achieve
that.

I can be reached at 904-731-9897 if needed.

Sincerely,

Kathy Calvert, M.Ed., Ed.S.
Kara Calvert’s Mom


From:	jennifer Dorning <jenniferdorning@yahoo.com>
Sent:	Tuesday, July 18, 2006 12:08 PM
To:	Aronberg, Dave; Donald Basham; Bennett, Michael (LEG); Governor Jeb Bush; A Carlson; Jeff Kottkamp; Page Kreegel; Kyle, Bruce; Connie Mack; Mel Martinez; Grant, Michael; Bill Nelson; Saunders, Burt; Williams, Trudi; E Zediak
Subject:	LOCAL SHELL FISH EPIDEMIC DECLARED BY LEE COUNTY HEALTH DEPARTMENT

More evidence of water problems in Lee County:
 
On Behalf Of City 
of
Sanibel
Sent: Tuesday, July 18, 2006 11:57 AM
To: Orv Curry
Subject: LOCAL SHELL FISH EPIDEMIC DECLARED BY LEE COUNTY HEALTH
DEPARTMENT

LOCAL SHELL FISH EPIDEMIC
DECLARED BY LEE COUNTY HEALTH DEPARTMENT

Lee County Health Department
Epidemiology and Communicable Disease Control Services Illness of 
Public
Health Concern Tuesday, July 18, 2006 - Second Notice In July, 11 cases
of neurotoxic shellfish poisoning have been reported in Lee County Ten
on Sanibel Island and one at Fort Myers Beach All patients were 
visitors
who consumed shellfish that they harvested from the local waters Six
cases required hospital intervention This constitutes a local epidemic
of this illness The Health Department is requesting that all businesses
and real estate offices that rent to visitors post a warning DO NOT TO
COLLECT SHELLFISH IN LOCAL WATERS DUE TO NEUROTOXIC CONTAMINATION This
should warning should be placed in each unit that has a kitchen area
Symptoms of this illness include numbness, tingling in the extremities,
temperature reversal, GI symptoms, difficulty in speaking and walking.
People experiencing these symptoms after ingestion of self-harvested
shellfish should immediately seek medical care.
Health Department Contact:
J. Robert South, Ph.D., M.P.H., PA-C.
Biological Administrator / Epidemiologist Epidemiology and Communicable
Disease Control Service Lee County Health Department - 3920 Michigan
Avenue - Fort Myers, Florida 33916
Phone: (239) 332-9657 - SunCom: 743-1657 - Secure Fax: (239) 332-9553



Note: forwarded message attached. 


Jennifer Dorning
16580 S. Oleander Dr.
Fort Myers, FL 33908

  _____  

Yahoo! Music Unlimited - Access over 1 million songs. Try it free. 
From:	sheri lou <vailslp1@bigplanet.com>
Sent:	Tuesday, July 18, 2006 11:58 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Re: Real Estate Taxes

Hi - i have another MAJOR complaint!!!! Something ,must be done about all the insurance companies dropping everyone!!! Allstate has a profit of billions of dollars even with the storms and they can cancel homeowners insurance?.  Something is major wrong with this picture!!!!!   Sheri Piergeorge  Jupiter, Fl

----- Original Message ----- 
From: Governor Jeb Bush 
To: sheri lou 
Cc: lindquik@dor.state.fl.us 
Sent: Tuesday, July 18, 2006 8:36 AM
Subject: RE: Real Estate Taxes


Governor Bush has received your e-mail and has asked me to respond on his behalf, and I apologize for the delay.

 

I am forwarding your concerns to the Department of Revenue for review and response.  You should hear from someone in that office.

 

Thank you for writing and do not hesitate to write again on matters of concern or interest to you.

 

Sincerely,

 

Rex T. Newman

Citizens’ Services

-----Original Message-----
From: sheri lou [mailto:vailslp1@bigplanet.com]
Sent: Saturday, July 08, 2006 10:45 PM
To: Governor Jeb Bush
Subject: Real Estate Taxes


The situation with the real estate tax rate in our state MUST be changed!!!  I had to move to a different condo in the same complex and my tax rate for the same size condo went up FOUR TIMES what it was-for the SAME CONDO!!! This is creating a tremendous problem for citizens who would like to move but cant afford it because the tax rates are so high.  PLEASE DO SOMETHING ABOUT THIS SITUATION.   Thank you for your help    Sheri Piergeorge

From:	Elaine Burdock <Elaine_Burdock@dcf.state.fl.us>
Sent:	Tuesday, July 18, 2006 11:28 AM
To:	dan1017@adelphia.net
Cc:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Re: Patricia White ([REDACTED])





Dear Ms. Nevin:

Thank you for your e-mail of July 18th.  I tried to reach your daughter,
Patricia A. White,  this morning, and left her a voice mail message for her
to call me at her earliest convenience.  Also, I mailed out to her the
Medically Needy enrollment letter.  This is what the Health Department is
looking for.

In the even that you have any further questions, or if the representative
at the Health Department has any further questions, please feel free to
have them call me at (561) 837-5080.

Sincerely,


Elaine T. Burdock
District 9 Media/Communications Coordinator
phone:  (561) 837-5080
suncom:  252-5080

DCF Mission Statement *Protect The Vulnerable *Promote Strong and
Economically Self-Sufficient Families *Advance Personal and Family Recovery
and Resiliency


                                                                           
             <dan1017@adelphia                                             
             .net>                                                         
                                                                        To 
             07/18/2006 11:06          Elaine Burdock/D09/DCF@DCF          
             AM                                                         cc 
                                       jeb.bush@myflorida.com              
                                                                   Subject 
                                       Patricia White ([REDACTED])        
                                                                           
                                                                           
                                                                           
                                                                           
                                                                           
                                                                           




First, I want to thank you and your staff for all the information and help
you have provided for my daughter.  We are now in the process of finding a
plastic surgeon who will accept Medicad, so she can receive the much needed
operation.  She is now receiving  chemo treatments, which is making her
very tired.  The Health Department  has been very cooperative.  What they
need before she can undergo any surgery is the letter from DCF stating she
is in Share the Cost Program and her Medicad card.  She never received the
letter or the card, and I am having a problem reaching anyone who will help
me get this information.  If you can help me with this problem, it will be
very much appreciated.  The card and letter should be sent to:  Patricia
White
                  716 Palm St.
                  W. Palm Beach,  FL 33401
                   (561)714-8026
If you are able to bring up a copy of the letter, you can E-mail it to me
and I will take it to the Health Department, or the name and phone number
of someone in DCF (Lake Worth)who can help me.  The Health Department  gave
us a few extra days to get this information.

Thank you again for all your help.

Doris Nevin
(561) 255-2829
dan1017@adelphia.net




> Date: Fri, 7 Jul 2006 9:06:01 -0700
> From:  <dan1017@adelphia.net>
> To: Elaine_Burdock@dcf.state.fl.us
> Subject: Fwd: [Fwd: Your E-Mail of June 24th]
>
> My daughter, Patricia White, called me this morning concerning her phone
conversation with you. Patricia is not very knowledgeable about health
insurance and asked me to call you with a few additional questions.
>
> 1. What exactly does Share the Costs mean, I worked in Personnel for the
state before I retired, and dealt with health insurance. I tried to look it
up on the internet and found myself more confused.
>
> 2. I understand she has to show $800.00 in medical bills.  Is that every
month? Does that include Doctor's visits, prescriptions costs, surgery,
hospital stays, or just prescriptions costs?
>
> 3. Her first breast cancer surgery, the plastic surgeon did a transflap,
the second cancer re-occurrence,  they just took out the cancerous tumor.
Now the breast fat cells are now dying, which is causing a lot of pain and
she has to have that breast removed again.  Will Medicaid pay for the
removal and a new re-construction?
>
> 4. Where does the Health Care District come into the picture?
>
> 5.  I would appreciate any information you can give me, so I can help her
through this most difficult times.
>
> My E-mail address is dan1017@adelphia.net, Patty does not have a E-Mail
address any more.
> Telephone (561)255-2829
>
> Thank you again,
>
> Doris Nevin
> >
>
> From: <white1173@bellsouth.net>
> > To: <dan1017@adelphia.net>
> > Subject: [Fwd: Your E-Mail of June 24th]
> > Date: Wed, 28 Jun 2006 3:56:43 -0400
> >
> >
> > >
> > > From: Elaine Burdock <Elaine_Burdock@dcf.state.fl.us>
> > > Date: 2006/06/27 Tue PM 02:45:51 EDT
> > > To: white1173@bellsouth.net
> > > Subject: Your E-Mail of June 24th
> > >
> > >
> > >
> > >
> > >
> > > Thank you for your e-mail of June 24th to Governor Bush.  Governor
Bush
> > > asked me to contact you regarding your concerns.  Please contact me
at your
> > > earliest convenience so that we can discuss your situation.  I can be
> > > reached at (561) 837-5548, Monday through Friday from 7:30 a.m. to
4:00
> > > p.m.
> > >
> > > I am looking forward to hearing from you.
> > >
> > > Sincerely,
> > >
> > >
> > >
> > > Elaine T. Burdock, OMC II
> > > District 9 Community Relations
> > > phone:  (561)837-5548
> > > suncom:  252-5548
> > >
> > > DCF Mission Statement *Protect The Vulnerable *Promote Strong and
> > > Economically Self-Sufficient Families *Advance Personal and Family
Recovery
> > > and Resiliency
> > > CONFIDENTIALITY NOTICE:  This message and any attachments are for the
sole
> > > use of the intended recipient(s) and may contain confidential and
> > > privileged information that is exempt from public disclosure.  Any
> > > unauthorized review, use, disclosure, or distribution is prohibited.
If
> > > you have received this message in error please contact the sender (by
phone
> > > or reply electronic mail) and then destroy all copies of the original
> > > message.
> > >
> > >
> >



From:	Cra9Jn@aol.com
Sent:	Tuesday, July 18, 2006 11:26 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	(no subject)

Please help to stop animal cruelty. What has happened to the Florida Pork Producers Transition Grant?  What is going on with animal testing?
From:	Tim Slocum <tslocum1@cox.net>
Sent:	Tuesday, July 18, 2006 11:42 AM
To:	Gainesville City Commission
Cc:	Gainesville City Manager
Subject:	[*] Gainesville Regional Utilities Rate Increases

I am writing to you in hopes that you will reject Gainesville Regional Utilities recent request for a record 13.4% increase in our utility rates. I've lived here 20 years with my family and every year our GRU bill has steadily increased. Now, it's getting to the point that paying this bill is getting more and more difficult. If this keeps up, we're going to be unable to afford to live in Gainesville. It does no good to conserve when our bill keeps going up with across the board rate increases each and every year, and now GRU is proposing a double digit rate increase this year and has already stated future rate increases are on the way. Where does this stop? We're not made of money. Together, me and my mom can barely afford to live here as it is. I suspect a lot of low income and poor people are going to be unable to pay their utility bills when this huge increase goes forward. I live on a low income so I know how they feel. I watched a lady stand before you at last week's commission meeting and pleaded with you to do something to address this, but it was apparent that most, if not all of you have already made up your minds and this excessive across the board rate increase is a done deal. You do have it in your power to reject their request for a rate increase and make them go back and look at their budget. I'm sure there are a lot of areas in GRU's budget where spending could be reduced and/or funding could be cut. It's better for them to make cuts to their budget than to have than make us pay double digit across the board rate increases each year. If you are unwilling or unable to say no to Gainesville Regional Utilities's request for rate increases each time they request across the board increases like this in their budget, then perhaps it's time our state officials become involved to address this situation. What ever happened to deregulation? I thought this concept was supposed to lower our utility bills, but it seems like all it has done is increase our bills more and more each year. And since GRU has a monopoly on our local utilities, they can charge whatever they want. I hope somewhere, someone can do something to stop these excessive rate increases, or a lot of lower income people are not going to be able to pay these bills. It's that simple. Maybe it's time our state officials look into local utilities like GRU and try to find out why they are charging excessive across the board rate increases and why they keep proposing future rate increases to the point that a lot of low income people and even some middle income people will be unable to pay these bills in the future. 
From:	Penny Daye <pdaye@webtv.net>
Sent:	Tuesday, July 18, 2006 11:28 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Re: RE:

To: My Governor!

Thank you for appointing a committee to assist in the insurance problems. The last two years has been a nightmare for many of your constituents. Now, they intend to declare our building in the new flood zone. We were grandfathered and had to build back in the same place. But, will be considered a new building for insurance. This is wrong. We are in a lose, lose, lose situation. Maybe your committee can look into this situation.

Thanks,

Penny Daye
Displaced by Ivan


From:	V M <vaughnmcintire@hotmail.com>
Sent:	Tuesday, July 18, 2006 11:11 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	State of Florida

I think this may be something that Florida should consider as there are a 
lot of good ideas in the article below. As prices go up (gas, housing and 
just about everything) my hard earned money is not going as far as it did. 
I’m sure that a lot of my tax money is helping to fund the Illegal 
Immigrants live in the State of Florida and it should NOT!! Thank you for 
any action that you may take to ease my Tax burden for illegal immigrants 
and immigrants in general. I personally don’t think that our country should 
continue to allow anyone who wants to migrate here, do so at its (USA) 
DETRIMENT. The USA has made it way too easy to come here, maybe if it wasn’t 
so easy they would make their own country’s a better place to live and could 
stay put. Thank you for reading my email.


Vaughn McIntire



State lawmakers are offering more than 500 bills this year targeting 
state-mandated services, illegal aliens and the employers who hire them, 
responding to a growing chorus of public opinion nationwide calling for 
stricter enforcement of immigration laws.
    Led by Georgia, where benefits for illegal aliens were cut and stiff 
sanctions placed on employers who hire illegals, and by Colorado, which 
banned nonemergency services to those in the country illegally, at least 39 
states have either proposed or passed similar legislation.
    Lawmakers have focused on constituency concerns regarding an estimated 
10 million to 12 million illegal aliens now in the country, resulting in 
rising costs for education and medical care, higher crime rates and 
exploitation by employers.
    Georgia lawmakers passed and Gov. Sonny Perdue, a Republican, signed 
legislation this year requiring adults seeking benefits to prove their U.S. 
citizenship, sanctioning employers who hire illegals and requiring companies 
with state contracts to check employees' legal status. The Georgia laws also 
require police to check the legal status of people they arrest.
    The bill's author, state Sen. Chip Rogers, called it "the strongest 
single bill in America dealing with illegal immigration -- bar none." He 
told The Washington Times that it was intended to send a message that "while 
the federal government is not enforcing its immigration laws, the state of 
Georgia takes those laws seriously."
    In Colorado, new legislation requires employers to show that new hires 
are in the country legally and makes it a felony for an illegal to vote. It 
also put two measures on the November ballot: one barring employers from 
receiving state tax assistance if they hire illegals and another allowing 
the state attorney general to sue the U.S. government to force compliance 
with immigration laws.
    "If they've been taking benefits illegally, that's wrong," said Gov. 
Bill Owens, a Republican who worked with House Speaker Andrew Romanoff and 
Senate President Joan Fitz-Gerald, both Democrats, to pass the legislation.
    With federal immigration reform stalled on Capitol Hill, several states 
are proposing their own laws. More than 500 bills have been introduced this 
year covering a variety of topics, including employment, access to public 
benefits and voting rights, according to the National Conference of State 
Legislatures.
    The conference said 57 bills were passed this year, while others were 
vetoed and several more are awaiting gubernatorial action.
    Other bills were passed in Arizona and Illinois, where U.S. citizenship 
or legal immigrant status is required to receive health benefits. Kansas 
will only provide unemployment benefits to citizens and those with legal 
immigration status, Wyoming bars noncitizens and nonlegal permanent 
residents from state scholarships, and New Hampshire requires proof of 
citizenship to register to vote.
    In Louisiana, a new law allows any state agency to investigate a 
contractor's hiring policies if the employment of illegal aliens is 
suspected and says prosecutors can issue an order to fire the illegals and 
fine those employers who do not comply.
    Other bills were passed in Pennsylvania, which prohibits illegal aliens 
on projects financed by grants or loans from the state; Tennessee, which 
bars companies from state contracts for a year after they hired illegal 
aliens; Missouri, which prohibits learner's permits, driver's licenses or 
renewal licenses to people illegally in the country; and Virginia, where 
students with temporary or student visa status are ineligible for in-state 
tuition.
    Several bills also were vetoed, including in Arizona, where lawmakers in 
the Republican-controlled Legislature sought to criminalize illegal entry 
and allow trespassers to be prosecuted. They were vetoed by Gov. Janet 
Napolitano, a Democrat.
    Federal law requires states to provide some services to illegal aliens, 
including education and emergency medical care, but not other services, 
including continued health care and unemployment benefits.


From:	Frank Hughes <fhughes1940@yahoo.com>
Sent:	Tuesday, July 18, 2006 10:59 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Pets In Condos

Govenor Bush,
Please consider legislature to allow pets in condos. I see so many people in need
of a pet for both medical and for companionship. When one looses a spouse and
they are all alone, a pet would provide the comforts to them. There are also so many
pets that need a home and the love that they need.
                                        Thank You,
                                        Frank Hughes

  _____  

Groups are talking. We’re listening. Check out the handy changes to Yahoo! Groups. 
From:	Robert Ouellette <robertouellette@bellsouth.net>
Sent:	Tuesday, July 18, 2006 10:59 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	FW: Florida Parents of the year ANNOUNCEMENT

 
 
-----Original Message-----
From: Gunter Freystatter [mailto:Gunter_Freystatter@tdm.com]
Sent: Sunday, July 16, 2006 9:49 AM
To: robertouellette@bellsouth.net; sappfam@bellsouth.net
Subject: Florida Parents of the year ANNOUNCEMENT
 
 
 
Thank you Honorable Former State Representative Robert Oullette and the Florida Parents Day Council for your 
contribution and efforts to lift up the ideal of the family in our State of Florida and our community at large.
 
Respectfully,
 
Gunter Freystatter
American Family Coalition of Florida
President
 
SATURDAY JULY 14,  2006
A PRESS RELEASE FOR THE RESIDENTS OF THE STATE OF FLORIDA
 
 
Honors to go to Florida’s Parents of the Year 2006
 
Dr. Peter and Patricia Kuhlman
of  Ponte Vedra Beach
 

Florida Parents’ Day Council

The National Parents' Day Council is a project of the American Family Coalition Inc. 
MailScanner has detected a possible fraud attempt from "www.americanfamilycoalition.org" claiming to be www.americanfamilycoaliton.org 
 
Contact: Robert Ouellette, 4162 Saunders Drive  -  Middleburg, FL 32068  

Phone: (904) 874-0849 / Fax: (291)4620 (notify before  faxing)

robertouellette@bellsouth.net
 
 
Mothers have Mother’s Day and Fathers have Father’s Day, in spite of this Florida will also honor outstanding fathers and mothers working as a team when it observes National Parents’ Day this year.  While it's easy to focus on our country's problems, the fact is that our nation's parents are an enormous national resource to be appreciated and strengthened.
National Parents’ Day was established in 1994 by unanimous Joint Resolution (#236) of the United States Congress.  It is celebrated on the 4th Sunday of July each year, throughout the nation, to recognize and support the important role that parents play in providing for the health and well being of their children and society.
Candidates are selected by their example of love and commitment to their children, each other and by their involvement in their community. They are often nominated by their schools, churches, and organizations or just by people in the community who know them.  
This year’s couple chosen as Florida’s Parents of the year is Dr. Peter and Patricia Kuhlman of Ponte Vedra Beach. The Kuhlman’s were chosen for their outstanding parenting, community involvement and their love and compassion for all people. In fact the entire family gets involved in community service. Congratulations to the Kuhlman family
 
Florida Parents’ Day Coalition:
4162 Saunders Drive  -  Middleburg, FL 32068

Phone: (904) 874-0849 / Fax: (291)4620 (notify before  faxing)

robertouellette@bellsouth.net
 
 
Parents’ Day Celebrations – Join us in making Parents’ Day – the fourth Sunday of each July – a special day to uplift parenthood. Whether it is your city council, civic organization, or church congregation, make sure that your community taps into this important day of commemoration
 
For Immediate Release
Office of the Press Secretary
July 13, 2006 
 
 
Parents' Day, 2006 
A Proclamation by the President of the United States of America 
As a child's first teachers, mentors, and role models, parents shape the character of those who will help to build the future of our Nation. On Parents' Day, we pay tribute to the hard work and sacrifice of the millions of devoted parents who provide guidance, support, and unconditional love to their children. 
Mothers and fathers help kindle imaginations, inspire a love of learning, nurture the formation of young minds, and give children the courage and the drive to realize their dreams. By instilling in children the difference between right and wrong, parents guide their children toward developing into successful adults and responsible citizens who lead lives of purpose. In addition, the commitment of parents to the welfare of young people strengthens families and communities throughout our great country. 
My Administration supports grants and programs to promote healthy marriages and responsible fatherhood. The No Child Left Behind Act is helping us ensure that every child has the opportunity to learn, and recognizes that parental involvement is a vital part of the success of schools across America. Federal, State, and local programs, and faith-based and community groups provide additional resources to help parents as they work to raise children of conviction and character. 
On this special day, we express our deep gratitude to parents for their dedication to a bright and hopeful future for their children. We also pray for parents in the military who stand up for America, and we resolve that their sacrifice will always be honored by a grateful Nation. 
NOW, THEREFORE, I, GEORGE W. BUSH, President of the United States of America, by virtue of the authority vested in me by the Constitution and laws of the United States and consistent with Public Law 103-362, as amended, do hereby proclaim Sunday, July 23, 2006, as Parents' Day. I call upon citizens, private organizations, and governmental bodies at all levels to engage in activities and educational efforts that recognize, support, and honor parents, and I encourage American sons and daughters to convey their love, respect, and appreciation to their parents. 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have hereunto set my hand this twelfth day of July, in the year of our Lord two thousand six, and of the Independence of the United States of America the two hundred and thirty-first. 
GEORGE W. BUSH 
 
 
From:	Dennis Parr <dlparr@tampabay.rr.com>
Sent:	Tuesday, July 18, 2006 11:08 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Home Owners Insurance

Although I still have insurance (my company has not dropped me yet?) I am
concerned.  The rates keep going up and the coverage keeps going down.  Soon
the insurance will not be worth it if the insurance companies are allowed to
continue the trend.

Sincerely,
Dennis Parr




From:	annami1@juno.com
Sent:	Tuesday, July 18, 2006 10:41 AM
To:	argenziano.nancy.web@flsenate.gov; Benson, Holly; president@whitehouse.gov; Governor Jeb Bush; clary.charlie.web@flsenate.gov; Evers, Greg; martinez.mel.web@flsenate.gov; Murzin, Dave; senator@billnelson.senate.gov; Peaden, Durell; Sansom, Ray
Subject:	God Bless America !!!!!

God Bless Dubya!
God Bless Veep!
God Bless Condi!
God Bless Our Troops!
God Bless The USA!!!
and God bless Donald Rumsfeld
 
Mrs. Anna M. Incata
Pensacola, JEB Country
From:	Andrea Lipinsky <andrea.lipinsky@teenchallenge.cc>
Sent:	Tuesday, July 18, 2006 10:32 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush; andercrenshaw@mail.house.gov; john.mica@mail.house.gov; bill.mccollum@mail.house.gov; ask.adam@mail.house.gov; katherine.harris@mail.house.gov; mark.foley@mail.house.gov; 'alcee.'
Subject:	Access To Recovery

July 6, 2006

 

To Whom It May Concern: 

 

We are writing to urge you to support the inclusion of funding for one of the most important programs created to help individuals overcome drugs and alcohol addiction. We are concerned that it appears that funding for this program—called Access to Recovery---has been cut from the 2007 Appropriations bill by the House Subcommittee dealing with the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) budget.  The HHS FY 2007 request for the Access to Recovery program was $70 million. 

 

The Access to Recovery Program is administered by the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration (SAMHSA). ATR was created to increase the nation’s capacity to address substance abuse by increasing the number and types of providers, including faith-based providers, who deliver clinical treatment and/or recovery support services, and to allow individual to pursue recovery through many different and personal pathways. Because it directly empowers consumers by using vouchers, it allows them to choose the secular or faith-based provider that meets their needs without creating issues of church/state relationships, and it does not favor one kind over another.

 

We urge you to vote to restore this funding, which will affect the lives of thousands of individuals addicted to drugs and alcohol!

 

Yours sincerely,

 
Andrea K. Lipinsky
ATR/TANF Administrator
Central Florida Teen Challenge
(407) 330-9600 Ext. 307
(407) 330-0407 Fax
 
"CONFIDENTIALITY NOTICE:  The message and any attachments are for the sole use of the intended recipient(s) and may contain confidential and privileged information that is exempt from public disclosure.  Any unauthorized review, use, disclosure, or distribution is prohibited.  If you have received this message in error, please contact the sender (by phone or reply electronic mail) and then destroy all copies of the original message."
 
From:	Gerald Mayerhoff <GeraldM@bl-cpa.com>
Sent:	Tuesday, July 18, 2006 10:07 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Support for Israel

While in London please continue to support:

1) the "Leadership Resolution supporting Israel's

right to defend itself" which will be coming to a vote

later tonight or tomorrow; and 

2) immediate implementation of UN Resolution 1559

requiring the dismantling of Hezbollah in southern

Lebanon.

3) let all there know the people of our great state support any country fighting the War on Terror, including Israel.

 

Gerald L. Mayerhoff, CPA/PFS

BERKOVITS, LAGO & COMPANY, LLP

8211 West Broward Blvd.

Suite 340

Fort Lauderdale, Fl  33324

Phone: 954-475-3199

Fax: 954-472-2308

Email: Geraldm@bl-cpa.com

www.bl-cpa.com

******************************************************************************************************************************************************

TREASURY DEPARTMENT CIRCULAR 230 DISCLAIMER: To ensure compliance with certain U.S. Treasury regulations, we inform you that, unless expressly stated otherwise, any U.S. federal tax advice contained in this e-mail, including any attachments, is not intended or written to be used, and cannot be used, by any person for the purpose of avoiding any penalties that may be imposed by the Internal Revenue Service. (The foregoing statement is made in accordance with Circular 230, 31 C.F.R. Part 10.)

This information transmittal herewith ("Information") is intended only for person or entity to which it is addressed and may contain confidential, proprietary, and/or privileged material. Any review, reproduction, retransmission, dissemination or other use of, or taking of any action in reliance upon, this Information by persons or entities other than the intended recipient is prohibited. If you have received this is error, please contact the sender and delete the Information from all computers.

*********************************************************************************************

 

 

From:	Patrick O'Neill PhD <patrickoneillphd@cox.net>
Sent:	Tuesday, July 18, 2006 9:51 AM
To:	ACLU
Cc:	Charlie Christ; First Lady Laura Bush; Governor Jeb Bush; Log Cabin Republicans; Vice President Dick Cheney
Subject:	Sex Education for Children

Dear ACLU,
Although I am gay, I strongly disagree with your stance regarding parental approval of sex education in schools, especially the current case in Massachusetts.
Parents know better than your organization, governmental agencies, attorneys and judges, etc., when the children in their families can understand sex, sexuality and the freedoms / responsibilities associated with such.
Children of each generation have newly regarded peer pressures to be concerned, not only the traditional values associated with sexual preference.  Parents of those children probably know them on a 24 / 7 basis, not only during hours of school attendance.
School officials should receive parental approval before introducing sex education into the school curriculum.
Thanking you in advance for your immediate attention to this matter,
I remain...
Patrick W. O'Neill, PhD
From:	l.j. bennett <hjljbennett@yahoo.com>
Sent:	Tuesday, July 18, 2006 9:47 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush; president bush
Subject:	Fwd: From Senator Ben Ogar
Attachments:	From Senator Ben Ogar


Note: forwarded message attached.


__________________________________________________
Do You Yahoo!?
Tired of spam?  Yahoo! Mail has the best spam protection around 
http://mail.yahoo.com 
From:	jennifer Dorning <jenniferdorning@yahoo.com>
Sent:	Tuesday, July 18, 2006 9:30 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush; mel_martinez@martinez.senate.gov; bill@billnelson.senate.gov; connie.mack@mail.house.gov; donald.l.basham@usace.army.mil; e.zediak@saj02.usace.army.mil; kmccarty@bear.com; acarlson@sfwmd.gov; Saunders, Burt; Kottkamp.Jeff@leg.state.fl.us; Aronberg, Dave; Kyle, Bruce; Bennett, Michael (LEG); Grant, Michael; kreegel@myfloridahouse.gov; Williams, Trudi
Subject:	Welcome sight for visitors to Lee County
Attachments:	3955655579-Grouper3.jpg; 3127563190-Grouper.jpg; 2420861479-Grouper2.jpg

To Whom it May Concern,
We have a huge problem that we can no longer ignore.  This is what residents and visitors alike have to remember from their trip to Lee County last weekend.  As soon as you drove over the first causeway span it was hard to ignore, not only the size, but the terrible smell that filled the air.  I wonder how many years this animal lived before we were able to finally do it in.  Something is very wrong with our water.  
Please do everything you can to help find a solution.  I heard about Florida Gulf Coast University trying to replace the oyster beds that were once here since oysters filter so much water.  Please support efforts like this.  It sounds like a smart attempt.  Please help more of this to happen...fast.  This is a terrible sight, terrible smell, and if you had a choice between moving your business, your home here or to the open plains, where would you go?  Why be here when you can't be outside?  It is our most valuable resource.
 
Thank you for your consideration,
Jennifer Dorning
16580 S. Oleander Drive
Fort Myers, FL 33908  


Jennifer Dorning
16580 S. Oleander Dr.
Fort Myers, FL 33908

  _____  

Talk is cheap. Use Yahoo! Messenger to make PC-to-Phone calls. Great rates starting at 1¢/min.
From:	Trudy <true@atlantic.net>
Sent:	Tuesday, July 18, 2006 8:27 AM
To:	Devitt Harrison; 'Olson, Steve'
Cc:	'Coto, Cindy'; 'Orth, James C'; 'Lewis, Marsha N.'; 'Bill Belleville'; 'Missynlas'; LegalSandy@aol.com; lroberts@orlandosentinel.com; 'Don Browning'; captainron@aol.com; FBruno@co.volusia.fl.us; 'Florida Hometown Democracy'; Governor Jeb Bush; 'Kelli McGee'; lovebergs@comcast.net; mgreeson@co.volusia.fl.us; 'Richard A. Markle'; 'Pat Northey'; sospeoplesrights@earthlink.net; tara.alford@fwc.state.fl.us; wkvandam@aol.com
Subject:	Re: Response to your airboat inquiry on web site

I read that Mr. Olsen states that airboats are regulated by state laws and local ordinances WHICH ARE ENFORCED by STATE OFFICERS AS WELL AS SEMINOLE AND VOLUSIA COUNTY SHERIFF'S OFFICERS.----That statement is so laughable that it should be featured on Saturday Night Live!!!
 
 

----- Original Message ----- 
From: Devitt Harrison 
To: 'Olson, Steve' 
Cc: 'Coto, Cindy' ; 'Orth, James C' ; 'Lewis, Marsha N.' ; 'Trudy' ; 'Bill Belleville' ; 'Missynlas' ; LegalSandy@aol.com ; lroberts@orlandosentinel.com ; 'Don Browning' ; captainron@aol.com ; FBruno@co.volusia.fl.us ; 'Florida Hometown Democracy' ; jeb.bush@myflorida.com ; 'Kelli McGee' ; lovebergs@comcast.net ; mgreeson@co.volusia.fl.us ; 'Richard A. Markle' ; 'Pat Northey' ; sospeoplesrights@earthlink.net ; tara.alford@fwc.state.fl.us ; wkvandam@aol.com 
Sent: Monday, July 17, 2006 9:22 PM
Subject: RE: Response to your airboat inquiry on web site


Thank you for your response.  I understand your opinion for I too once shared your sentiment (being a FL native) until I actually moved out on the St. Johns River and began witnessing first hand the destruction to our environment caused by airboats.  I used to think they were “cool” because they didn’t have props but now realize I was very naïve.  Comparing their footprint to that of a canoe is preposterous for their footprint is far greater than any other vessel on the water and their activities of poaching through scarce natural resources is devastating.  The db range they hit is not only damaging to the human ear, but seriously diminishes the enjoyment of the river for anyone else not wearing the hearing protection they do.

 

The use of exhaust pipes has just now been formalized in SB1958 and HB733 but enforcement is very difficult if not impossible for law enforcement lacks the tools necessary to measure the db’s and the muffler law is vague.  Please note that numerous counties have evolved legislation to protect their scarce natural resources and protect their citizens from hearing loss from inadvertent exposure.  You mentioned that they are legal to be on the waterways but I challenge you to look up our Florida Constitution on the issues of noise exposure and you will find that they do not qualify.  

 

The sad thing is there is nothing “Natural Choice” about airboats and on the contrary they are the means to an end of any natural beauty and the end of the Seminole slogan.  Many airboat operators are environmentally conscience and considerate citizens.  But like anything else, there are renegade elements that will ruin it for everyone.  I am hopeful that enforcement and laws that aren’t manipulated by the airboat lobbyists will be created that truly reflect the desire of the majority and good of all.  As far as history is concerned, the act of slavery was a part of our history as well but we don’t say that just because it was in our history that something barbaric like that should continue.  When I am on the river in my canoe or well muffled motorized vessel, I and other boaters are enslaved to the tremendous deafening sound which impedes our enjoyment of our hobby which also has a history.

 

All the environmental issues aside, I thought it really would have been a decent gesture to remove the airboat from the Seminole County website www.seminolecountyfl.gov  under the circumstances of the recent tragedy and their family.  Are you familiar with the Florida Atlantic University study?  

 

I again appreciate your response and copying County Manager Coto who I have already met with on the issue as well as law enforcement who I have already met with.  I am going to cc your response to the victims, the press, and the St. Johns River Keeper and Sierra Club so that they know your stance on the matter.  I am hopeful that you will reconsider your promotion of airboat activities in what is left of Seminole County natural resources for the safety, enjoyment, and preservation of all.  Especially out of respect for the parents who are bereaved!

 

Sincerely,

 

Devitt Harrison

 


  _____  


From: Olson, Steve [mailto:SOlson@seminolecountyfl.gov] 
Sent: Monday, July 17, 2006 5:56 PM
To: dharrison@stjohnsriverescape.com
Subject: Response to your airboat inquiry on web site

 

Dear Mr. Harrison, 
I am responding to your request(s). You are asking us to remove the airboat picture from our web site. 
First of all, let me say I agree with you that airboats can be noisy. If operators are not careful, the craft can be damaging to the environment and dangerous. The recent incident involving the little boy was unfortunate and tragic for all involved. 

However, airboats are legal to operate on our waterways, such as the St. Johns River. They are regulated by state laws and local ordinances, which are enforced by State Officers as well as Seminole and Volusia County Sheriffs' Offices. 

True, they do leave a larger environmental foot print than, let's say, a canoe. But, it could also be argued that any use of the river by humans, whether by airboat, canoe, or row boat has some impact. 

Thus, I am not going to recommend the removal of the airboat from our web site. Whether one agrees, or disagrees, it is part of the Florida outdoors and enjoys a history locally, statewide and throughout the South. The picture has as much standing on our web site as the canoe photo. 

I have cc'd this response to your question to our County Manager and to the two Deputy County Managers, as well as the acting Information Technologies Director 

I have also passed along your concerns to Lt. Brent Davison of the Seminole County Sheriff's Range and Water Unit. He says he has spoken with you about your concerns on prior occasions and is aware of the issues you have brought up. 

Thank you for your time and for your interest. 

Steve Olson 
Seminole County Government 
Community Information Department Director 
solson@seminolecountyfl.gov 

 

From: dharrison@stjohnsriverescape.com [mailto:dharrison@stjohnsriverescape.com]
Sent: Thursday, July 13, 2006 1:09 PM
To: Endicott, Helen
Subject: A Question from the website

SEMINOLE COUNTY
Question from the website
       
What question, comment/suggestion, technical problem, or other item do you have with this site?
I previously requested that you consider taking the airboat picture off your site. Airboats are the most destructive machine on our waterways emitting dangerous decibel ranges and disturbing endangered wildlife as they cut paths through conservation areas. Now, I also request that the picture be removed out of respect to the family of the 7 year old who was brutally run over by an airboat. Thank you for your consideration.     
How can we contact you?
Name: Devitt Harrison  
Email: dharrison@stjohnsriverescape.com
Phone: 


-****Florida has a very broad Public Records Law. Virtually all written communications to or from State and Local Officials and employees are public records available to the public and media upon request. Seminole County policy does not differentiate between personal and business emails. E-mail sent on the County system will be considered public and will only be withheld from disclosure if deemed confidential pursuant to State Law.****-

 

 

-****Florida has a very broad Public Records Law. Virtually all written communications to or from State and Local Officials and employees are public records available to the public and media upon request. Seminole County policy does not differentiate between personal and business emails. E-mail sent on the County system will be considered public and will only be withheld from disclosure if deemed confidential pursuant to State Law.****-

 

-****Florida has a very broad Public Records Law. Virtually all written communications to or from State and Local Officials and employees are public records available to the public and media upon request. Seminole County policy does not differentiate between personal and business emails. E-mail sent on the County system will be considered public and will only be withheld from disclosure if deemed confidential pursuant to State Law.****-

From:	Jacquie Cofer <cofer94@netzero.net>
Sent:	Tuesday, July 18, 2006 8:23 AM
To:	vice_president@whitehouse.gov; president@whitehouse.gov; Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Please tell me you didn't know about this.


Dear President Bush, Vice-President Cheney and Governor Bush,

I get several emails from friends and family and usually just pass them on to other friends and family, but when I read this one, I thought to myself "My God, there is no way that the President would have let this happen if he knew about it!".  As a very strong supporter of the Bush/Cheney office and also of my Florida Governor Jeb Bush, one of the things I am most proud of is the Faith in God that our President displays so proudly.  This country was formed by Christians and I believe the only reason we do not suffer some of the horrific wars and natural disasters afflicting other countries is that we have such an abundance of Christians.  

Please read the following.  I would appreciate your advice on what I can do to correct this situation and prevent so many more that are bound to come.

Sincerely,
Jacquie Cofer
(561) 262-4809
www.FindMyEden.com
Jacquie@FindMyEden.com

---------- Forwarded Message ----------


> > Omission of Historical yet Important Detail
> > 
> > SHALL WE HIRE  A  MONUMENT  ENGRAVER  TO  GO  TO 
> ARLINGTON  NATIONAL  CEMETERY  AND  ADD THE  MISSING
>  WORDS ? 
> > A MESSAGE FROM AN APPALLED OBSERVER: 
> > 
> > Today I went to visit the new World War II
> Memorial in Washington, DC! 
> > I got an unexpected history lesson. Because I'm a
> baby boomer, I was one of the youngest in the crowd.
>   Most were the age of my parents, Veterans of "the
> greatest war," with their families.  It was a
> beautiful day, and people were smiling and happy to
> be there. Hundreds of us milled around the memorial,
> reading the inspiring words of Eisenhower and Truman
> that are engraved there. 
> > 
> > On the Pacific side of the memorial, a group of us
> gathered to read the words President Roosevelt used
> to announce the attack on Pearl Harbor: 
> > 
> > Yesterday, December 7, 1941-- a date which will
> live in infamy--the United States of America was
> suddenly and deliberately attacked. 
> > 
> > One elderly woman read the words aloud: 
> > 
> > With confidence in our armed forces, with the
> abounding determination of our people, we will gain
> the inevitable triumph. 
> > 
> > But as she read, she was suddenly turned angry. 
> "Wait a minute," she said, "they left out the end of
> the quote.   They left out the most important part. 
> Roosevelt ended 
> > the message with "so help us God."   
> > 
> > Her husband said, "You are probably right.  We're
> not supposed to say things like that now." 
> > 
> > "I know I'm right," she insisted.  "I remember the
> speech." The two looked dismayed, shook their heads
> sadly and walked away.   
> > 
> > Listening to their conversation, I thought to
> myself, well, it has been over 50 years she's
> probably forgotten." 
> > 
> > But she had not forgotten. She was right. 
> > 
> > I went home and pulled out the book my book club
> is reading --- "Flags of Our Fathers" by James
> Bradley.   It's all about the battle at Iwo Jima. I
> haven't gotten too far in the book.  It's tough to
> read because it's a graphic description of the WWII
> battles in the Pacific.   
> >   
> > But right there it was on page 58.  Roosevelt's
> speech to the nation ends in "so help us God." 
> > 
> > The people who edited out that part of the speech
> when they engraved it on the memorial could have
> fooled me.  I was born after the war.!   But they
> couldn't fool the people who were there. 
> Roosevelt's words are engraved on 
> > their hearts. 
> > 
> > Now I ask: "WHO GAVE THEM THE RIGHT TO CHANGE THE
> WORDS OF HISTORY?????????" 
> > 
> > Send this around to your friends People need to
> know before everyone forgets.  People today are
> trying to change the history of America by leaving
> God out of it, but the truth is: God has been a part
> of this nation, since the beginning. He still wants
> to be...and He always will be! 
> > 
> > If you agree, pass this on.  If not, May God Bless
> YOU!
> > 
> > 
> > 
> > 
> > 
> > 
> 
> 


__________________________________________________
Do You Yahoo!?
Tired of spam?  Yahoo! Mail has the best spam protection around 
http://mail.yahoo.com 

From:	sanda2@netzero.net
Sent:	Tuesday, July 18, 2006 8:22 AM
To:	keith.crawford@dot.fl.state.us
Cc:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Help needed

Mr. Crawford;          The traffic lite system in Citrus County is 
deplorable, for instance on us 19 most all lites are on timers,& we 
are wasting untold thousands of $$ in fuel because these lites flip 
red at us when there are no vehicles waiting at the other side of the 
intersection. This included county, city , & state vehicles too.
We know you have the technology to get the job done. It certainly 
should NOT be a $$ issue, the extra expense spent for the intelligent 
systems would soon be realized, in savings maybe state wide.
So be a hero, make  the decision, and get the job done. We realize you 
are not elected, but are certainly well paid to do the job.

Thank you....s.barnette   

From:	v.woz@VERIZON.NET
Sent:	Tuesday, July 18, 2006 8:15 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	An Issue I Care About

Vince Wozniak
100 Hampton Road Unit 260
Clearwater, FL 33759-3927

7/18/2006

Dear Governor Bush:

Dear Governor John Bush

Thank you for supporting the Marriage amendment stating that the marriage union is between Husband and Wife, a male and a female. To do otherwise would be a flagarent misuse of this most important contract and the redefining and breakdown of the venerable institution of marriage. Thank you, Vince Wozniak


Sincerely,

Vince Wozniak


From:	Trudy <true@atlantic.net>
Sent:	Tuesday, July 18, 2006 7:55 AM
To:	Devitt Harrison; 'Olson, Steve'
Cc:	'Coto, Cindy'; 'Orth, James C'; 'Lewis, Marsha N.'; 'Bill Belleville'; 'Missynlas'; LegalSandy@aol.com; lroberts@orlandosentinel.com; 'Don Browning'; captainron@aol.com; FBruno@co.volusia.fl.us; 'Florida Hometown Democracy'; Governor Jeb Bush; 'Kelli McGee'; lovebergs@comcast.net; mgreeson@co.volusia.fl.us; 'Richard A. Markle'; 'Pat Northey'; sospeoplesrights@earthlink.net; tara.alford@fwc.state.fl.us; wkvandam@aol.com
Subject:	Re: Response to your airboat inquiry on web site

It is my understanding that Don Browning seriously pressured for the establishment of the 90 dba at 50 ft. ordinance in Marion County. I have heard him state that it is working in Marion County and the airboat noise in Marion County has diminished considerably. Don-correct me if I am wrong!
 
I have witnessed the airboat corporation GTO--established in Marion County--on the Withlacoochee River in Sumter/Citrus Counties with an airboat that was obviously being tested.  I asked the operator if it had a muffling device-(at the ramp). He launched the airboat and laughed at me and said "no" then he revved the engine that at that moment exploded horrendous sounds at me--and laughingly exploded the airboat up the river and stopped it adjacent to my house---where he continued testing the airboat -stopping--going revving full throttle etc. --obviously testing the airboat for hours nonstop in one place.
 
Perhaps the Marion County Airboats are traveling to other counties and that is why the ordinance has been so successful in Marion County.
 
Consider this-----Any person who purchases an airboat and does not install a muffling device equivalent to the muffling of the hp of the engine on that airboat---and who does not equip that airboat with "silent props" that have been available for years-----is guilty of deliberately devaluing all life and placing his or her life above all others------in the same manner that a person who devalues the life of the fetus or baby in the womb and in a cruel manner aborts that inconvenience in order to " have fun--irresponsibly"! The renegade position is false---all airboaters must devalue life in order to operate those instruments. Only those who abide by the mandate to "Love Thy Neighbor"- by effectively muffling according to the hp level of the airboat in the same manner  as automobiles must and silent props are properly placed might be considered non-renegade status. When all airboaters who do not require hearing aides because of their deafness operate the airboats without any hearing protection-and when all hearing aides are turned on to normal hearing capability -I might consider them as following the constitution--and not before!!!! All airboaters who do not "effectively" muffle both engine exhaust and prop exhaust are renegades and have reached the same level in society as any person who aborts life from the womb.--in order to have irresponsible fun!!!!
 
----- Original Message ----- 

From: Devitt Harrison 
To: 'Olson, Steve' 
Cc: 'Coto, Cindy' ; 'Orth, James C' ; 'Lewis, Marsha N.' ; 'Trudy' ; 'Bill Belleville' ; 'Missynlas' ; LegalSandy@aol.com ; lroberts@orlandosentinel.com ; 'Don Browning' ; captainron@aol.com ; FBruno@co.volusia.fl.us ; 'Florida Hometown Democracy' ; jeb.bush@myflorida.com ; 'Kelli McGee' ; lovebergs@comcast.net ; mgreeson@co.volusia.fl.us ; 'Richard A. Markle' ; 'Pat Northey' ; sospeoplesrights@earthlink.net ; tara.alford@fwc.state.fl.us ; wkvandam@aol.com 
Sent: Monday, July 17, 2006 9:22 PM
Subject: RE: Response to your airboat inquiry on web site


Thank you for your response.  I understand your opinion for I too once shared your sentiment (being a FL native) until I actually moved out on the St. Johns River and began witnessing first hand the destruction to our environment caused by airboats.  I used to think they were “cool” because they didn’t have props but now realize I was very naïve.  Comparing their footprint to that of a canoe is preposterous for their footprint is far greater than any other vessel on the water and their activities of poaching through scarce natural resources is devastating.  The db range they hit is not only damaging to the human ear, but seriously diminishes the enjoyment of the river for anyone else not wearing the hearing protection they do.

 

The use of exhaust pipes has just now been formalized in SB1958 and HB733 but enforcement is very difficult if not impossible for law enforcement lacks the tools necessary to measure the db’s and the muffler law is vague.  Please note that numerous counties have evolved legislation to protect their scarce natural resources and protect their citizens from hearing loss from inadvertent exposure.  You mentioned that they are legal to be on the waterways but I challenge you to look up our Florida Constitution on the issues of noise exposure and you will find that they do not qualify.  

 

The sad thing is there is nothing “Natural Choice” about airboats and on the contrary they are the means to an end of any natural beauty and the end of the Seminole slogan.  Many airboat operators are environmentally conscience and considerate citizens.  But like anything else, there are renegade elements that will ruin it for everyone.  I am hopeful that enforcement and laws that aren’t manipulated by the airboat lobbyists will be created that truly reflect the desire of the majority and good of all.  As far as history is concerned, the act of slavery was a part of our history as well but we don’t say that just because it was in our history that something barbaric like that should continue.  When I am on the river in my canoe or well muffled motorized vessel, I and other boaters are enslaved to the tremendous deafening sound which impedes our enjoyment of our hobby which also has a history.

 

All the environmental issues aside, I thought it really would have been a decent gesture to remove the airboat from the Seminole County website www.seminolecountyfl.gov  under the circumstances of the recent tragedy and their family.  Are you familiar with the Florida Atlantic University study?  

 

I again appreciate your response and copying County Manager Coto who I have already met with on the issue as well as law enforcement who I have already met with.  I am going to cc your response to the victims, the press, and the St. Johns River Keeper and Sierra Club so that they know your stance on the matter.  I am hopeful that you will reconsider your promotion of airboat activities in what is left of Seminole County natural resources for the safety, enjoyment, and preservation of all.  Especially out of respect for the parents who are bereaved!

 

Sincerely,

 

Devitt Harrison

 


  _____  


From: Olson, Steve [mailto:SOlson@seminolecountyfl.gov] 
Sent: Monday, July 17, 2006 5:56 PM
To: dharrison@stjohnsriverescape.com
Subject: Response to your airboat inquiry on web site

 

Dear Mr. Harrison, 
I am responding to your request(s). You are asking us to remove the airboat picture from our web site. 
First of all, let me say I agree with you that airboats can be noisy. If operators are not careful, the craft can be damaging to the environment and dangerous. The recent incident involving the little boy was unfortunate and tragic for all involved. 

However, airboats are legal to operate on our waterways, such as the St. Johns River. They are regulated by state laws and local ordinances, which are enforced by State Officers as well as Seminole and Volusia County Sheriffs' Offices. 

True, they do leave a larger environmental foot print than, let's say, a canoe. But, it could also be argued that any use of the river by humans, whether by airboat, canoe, or row boat has some impact. 

Thus, I am not going to recommend the removal of the airboat from our web site. Whether one agrees, or disagrees, it is part of the Florida outdoors and enjoys a history locally, statewide and throughout the South. The picture has as much standing on our web site as the canoe photo. 

I have cc'd this response to your question to our County Manager and to the two Deputy County Managers, as well as the acting Information Technologies Director 

I have also passed along your concerns to Lt. Brent Davison of the Seminole County Sheriff's Range and Water Unit. He says he has spoken with you about your concerns on prior occasions and is aware of the issues you have brought up. 

Thank you for your time and for your interest. 

Steve Olson 
Seminole County Government 
Community Information Department Director 
solson@seminolecountyfl.gov 

 

From: dharrison@stjohnsriverescape.com [mailto:dharrison@stjohnsriverescape.com]
Sent: Thursday, July 13, 2006 1:09 PM
To: Endicott, Helen
Subject: A Question from the website

SEMINOLE COUNTY
Question from the website
       
What question, comment/suggestion, technical problem, or other item do you have with this site?
I previously requested that you consider taking the airboat picture off your site. Airboats are the most destructive machine on our waterways emitting dangerous decibel ranges and disturbing endangered wildlife as they cut paths through conservation areas. Now, I also request that the picture be removed out of respect to the family of the 7 year old who was brutally run over by an airboat. Thank you for your consideration.     
How can we contact you?
Name: Devitt Harrison  
Email: dharrison@stjohnsriverescape.com
Phone: 


-****Florida has a very broad Public Records Law. Virtually all written communications to or from State and Local Officials and employees are public records available to the public and media upon request. Seminole County policy does not differentiate between personal and business emails. E-mail sent on the County system will be considered public and will only be withheld from disclosure if deemed confidential pursuant to State Law.****-

 

 

-****Florida has a very broad Public Records Law. Virtually all written communications to or from State and Local Officials and employees are public records available to the public and media upon request. Seminole County policy does not differentiate between personal and business emails. E-mail sent on the County system will be considered public and will only be withheld from disclosure if deemed confidential pursuant to State Law.****-

 

-****Florida has a very broad Public Records Law. Virtually all written communications to or from State and Local Officials and employees are public records available to the public and media upon request. Seminole County policy does not differentiate between personal and business emails. E-mail sent on the County system will be considered public and will only be withheld from disclosure if deemed confidential pursuant to State Law.****-

From:	OCIESEV@aol.com
Sent:	Tuesday, July 18, 2006 7:29 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Re: Governor Jeb Bush's IN THE NEWS... Friday, July 14, 2006

 
Dear Jeb:
Thank you for this notice about the Florida space program board. Glad to see that the Lord has put you on it as I am working in space port proliferation territory,New Mexico.
Many of us are watching for what the effects on earth of massive atmosphere piercing joy rides into space will be. 
Also, I have been concerned about the space shuttle problem of losing tiles. I think it could be the metal cracking beneath the tiles. The same problem that Embraer planes had in the early 80's when I worked as an international business specialist for one of their suppliers in Tampa.
Their little commuter planes suddenly started falling out of the sky puzzling engineers until they found that the metal on the planes was cracking from being exposed too many times to extreme pressure and temperature stress.  And the shuttle has exposure to 3000 degrees of heat every landing and  to cold temperatures from much higher than the Andes .
Please consider passing this on to the proper authorities on the board.
Thanks again (and thank your family) for serving in such a manner that we feel we are a part of our government.
We just lost a great Republican servant, Avon Wilson at the state level but she handed her constituency to another wonderful willing public servant,Nora Espinoza, who with little money and against the odds with no support except Avon's and El Marcianito, the fledgling local Mexican language newspaper for which I write a Spanish educational column, won the primary! 
Yes, God is still blessing America through those who serve Him and her.
Sincerely,
Erlinda Britt Vale  
From:	robert drolet <drolet352@earthlink.net>
Sent:	Tuesday, July 18, 2006 7:28 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Illegal Immigrants and Bad Land Developers in Marion County, Florida

Hello, Governor Jeb Bush:  This email is written by an American Citizen--Mrs. Leona Jean Drolet, 1340 Northwest 111th Court, Ocala, Florida 34482. (Robert Drolet is my husband. We have been married for 18 years. Nowadays, that is a big accomplishment to brag about!)  For the most part, I have enjoyed having you as Governor of Florida. I was born in the State of Florida in 1964 and I care very deeply about what happens in the State of Florida in years to come. My husband and I have seen a lot of greed and corporate corruption over the past 30 years here in Florida destroy the Everglades, the Ocala National Forest, Silver Springs, the beaches on the Atlantic Ocean, etc. Now the greedy land developers are trying to destroy beautiful Marion County, Florida. Why are you turning a blind eye to this blatant travesty of justice?You have done a lot of good things here in the state of Florida; however, you have not stopped the greedy land developers in Florida from destroying our state. Why don't you care about this important issue?  And you have not done anything to protect us from the invasion of illegal Mexicans, Cubans, and Haitians. The illegals have invaded by community and our breaking all of our laws--they drink and drive, they drive without insurance and driver's licenses, etc. Don't you care about Homeland Security and the safety of us American-born Floridians? I know that you care about hurricanes and other natural disasters here in Florida happening. But don't you understand that Florida is being destroyed by these so-called hard workers who come here to Florida to do jobs that me and other Americans won't do? By the way, your brother is an idiot! I realize that I am a proud democrat so obviously we will disagree on some key issues. But I hope that you will respond to a true American citizen for once (or do I have to be of Spanish descent for you to hear me?). Maybe us true Floridians should go to Cuba and come here on rafts or speed boats for you to hear us and care about us. Sincerely, Leona Jean Drolet
 
 
robert drolet
drolet352@earthlink.net
EarthLink Revolves Around You.
 

From:	Wayne Cross <wayneedwardcross1@yahoo.ie>
Sent:	Tuesday, July 18, 2006 6:32 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Top Urgent Please !! To Governor Jeb Bush From: Wayne Cross LLM LLB Australia

Dear Jeb,  You're doing good like your bro. 
We're part of the extended Forge family so please read on..We connect thru VFMA probably the only Australians to ever do so!! Real USA patriots!!.
 
This 3 technologies we dont need worry about Oil running out or water.
 
Trust you will give us a Royal invite. You wont be dissapointed. We can stop the Tornadoes in their tracks!!
 
Best regards and call me anytime or visit this great 5 level Castle privately owned on Australia's premier Gold Coast.
 
Wayne Cross , LLM ,MBA
Read on please:
 
Copyright (c) All rights reserved         16 July 2006
 
The Art of Rain – Wayne Cross LLM, MBA    
 
We have available to us the technology to produce rain in limited to virtual unlimited amounts. It operates under a clear blue sky and forms the rain clouds.
 
The system is not about rain seeding. It is the culmination of R & D over 40 years. The system is available for contracted only use by its agents / operators in Australia.
 
I act as the global marketing agent for use of the system which has been under wraps having proven itself several times.
 
Basically the system involves an apparatus installed in the field and another apparatus that triggers the system. Using the co-ordinates of the area to be filled both apparatuses can be some long distance away.
 
The other aspect is the legal implications of over producing rain. We would seek appropriate indemnities against any and all claims as the use of such equipment in producing rain is man engineered which could invite legal challenges not as in rain damage caused by an Act of God so to speak. Our intent is not to cause any rain damage but there is always that risk as in fireman lighting a fire break to ward off a pending larger fire.
    
The timing for the operation of the equipment is normally 7-24hours. The contract terms require a nominal set up fee (transport, accommodation, meals, and satellite phone & fax communications) say US $100,000 per site. Rain gauges are set in the catchment area and read at the highest reading to wit that calibration is used per millimeter. It is these readings which we make appropriate charges against to the client, payable within 48hours of the production thereof.
 
We are prepared as good citizens to do one private demonstration only  for the sum of US$50,000 payable up front with appropriate indemnities & privacy guarantees in place, without a added production charge, on any nominated dam or catchment site preferably the one that is isolated, alone and most in need. 
 
This offer is made to you on first rights of refusal for the next 14 days from the above date. 
 
The science of the technology can also be extended to repelling tornadoes  cyclones,hurricanes,etc. This would mean the installation on the Florida coast involving a series of apparatuses that would be maintained under contract to us. 
 
As we are about to leave for overseas shortly on assignment would you please signal your ideas in the matter sooner than later.
 
 
 
Kind regards
Wayne Cross LLM, MBA
The Castle, 16A Brakes Cr, 
Miami, Queensland, 4220,
Australia
Tel:(61) [REDACTED] -24/7
Email: wayneedwardcross1@yaoo.ie
 
Addendum: The writer is former owner, Chairman and CEO of a major UK Plc subsidiary involving tens of millions of dollars invested overseas, other than an a long time overseas entrepreneur. 
 
His life spans 31.5 years permanent residency offshore, including in his role as a Australian Commonwealth Magistrate, two stints as Ad Hoc Adviser to two PNG P.M’s, PNG's past Country’s Chairman to the World Bank (Washington) Visiting Mission on Forestry Matters, Official Recruiter appointed in 1991 by US Navy Admiral (R’td) Thunmann the Commandant of Valley Forge Military Academy (Wayne, P.a, USA) – my two sons John S. & Monni P  (Academy Year book to hand) Class of ’90, General Norman Swarzkoph (Operation Desert Storm) Class of ’54.Academy accredited to US Presidential White House. etc.
 
Current engagements: 1. the manufacturer overseas of a proven device to run a car/truck (250 old Chevy)  without fuel using a cell extending to and including a stationary engine block again with a cell, no water tank. The cell can run fuel less indefinitely. In reality a upgrading and enhancement of a last century patent.
 
2. As in 1 above the manufacture overseas of  a in line cell but set before the water pump on the suction hose that can take the salinity out of salt in sea water and or clean dirty river water producing pure drinking water. Beyond desalination!!  
 
As in the rain making device due Federal and or local laws and regulations these technologies are being sold offshore with sole agency country rights. 
 
In particular we don’t want to be bogged down in any State or Federal deeming fuel tax laws of running cars, trucks, stationery engines without petrol and or diesel now or in the future giving legislators time to catch up as in the recent birth of electrical cars, motorcycles (zero fuel tax) to find other more amendable taxation methods in line with new technologies. In reflection we are in times as in the Ameriacm Wright Bros / Australian Aviator Burt Hinkler’s aviator days as then of no Aviation laws.
 
Vehicles that can run off a cell, vis-à-vis no diesel will come sooner than later under current R & D.  The quest for oil will be shortened to mostly lubricants in line with known globally limited oil reserves. Thank you.  End
 
 
 

  _____  

Try the all-new Yahoo! Mail . "The New Version is radically easier to use" – The Wall Street Journal
From:	Wayne Cross <wayneedwardcross1@yahoo.ie>
Sent:	Tuesday, July 18, 2006 6:32 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	To Governor Jeb Bush From: Wayne Cross LLM LLB Australia

Dear Jeb,  You're doing good like your bro. 
We're part of the extended Forge family so please read on..We connect thru VFMA probably the only Australians to ever do so!! Real USA patriots!!.
 
This 3 technologies we dont need worry about Oil running out or water.
 
Trust you will give us a Royal invite. You wont be dissapointed. We can stop the Tornadoes in their tracks!!
 
Best regards and call me anytime or visit this great 5 level Castle privately owned on Australia's premier Gold Coast.
 
Wayne Cross , LLM ,MBA
Read on please:
 
Copyright (c) All rights reserved         16 July 2006
 
The Art of Rain – Wayne Cross LLM, MBA    
 
We have available to us the technology to produce rain in limited to virtual unlimited amounts. It operates under a clear blue sky and forms the rain clouds.
 
The system is not about rain seeding. It is the culmination of R & D over 40 years. The system is available for contracted only use by its agents / operators in Australia.
 
I act as the global marketing agent for use of the system which has been under wraps having proven itself several times.
 
Basically the system involves an apparatus installed in the field and another apparatus that triggers the system. Using the co-ordinates of the area to be filled both apparatuses can be some long distance away.
 
The other aspect is the legal implications of over producing rain. We would seek appropriate indemnities against any and all claims as the use of such equipment in producing rain is man engineered which could invite legal challenges not as in rain damage caused by an Act of God so to speak. Our intent is not to cause any rain damage but there is always that risk as in fireman lighting a fire break to ward off a pending larger fire.
    
The timing for the operation of the equipment is normally 7-24hours. The contract terms require a nominal set up fee (transport, accommodation, meals, and satellite phone & fax communications) say US $100,000 per site. Rain gauges are set in the catchment area and read at the highest reading to wit that calibration is used per millimeter. It is these readings which we make appropriate charges against to the client, payable within 48hours of the production thereof.
 
We are prepared as good citizens to do one private demonstration only  for the sum of US$50,000 payable up front with appropriate indemnities & privacy guarantees in place, without a added production charge, on any nominated dam or catchment site preferably the one that is isolated, alone and most in need. 
 
This offer is made to you on first rights of refusal for the next 14 days from the above date. 
 
The science of the technology can also be extended to repelling tornadoes  cyclones,hurricanes,etc. This would mean the installation on the Florida coast involving a series of apparatuses that would be maintained under contract to us. 
 
As we are about to leave for overseas shortly on assignment would you please signal your ideas in the matter sooner than later.
 
 
 
Kind regards
Wayne Cross LLM, MBA
The Castle, 16A Brakes Cr, 
Miami, Queensland, 4220,
Australia
Tel:(61) [REDACTED] -24/7
Email: wayneedwardcross1@yaoo.ie
 
Addendum: The writer is former owner, Chairman and CEO of a major UK Plc subsidiary involving tens of millions of dollars invested overseas, other than an a long time overseas entrepreneur. 
 
His life spans 31.5 years permanent residency offshore, including in his role as a Australian Commonwealth Magistrate, two stints as Ad Hoc Adviser to two PNG P.M’s, PNG's past Country’s Chairman to the World Bank (Washington) Visiting Mission on Forestry Matters, Official Recruiter appointed in 1991 by US Navy Admiral (R’td) Thunmann the Commandant of Valley Forge Military Academy (Wayne, P.a, USA) – my two sons John S. & Monni P  (Academy Year book to hand) Class of ’90, General Norman Swarzkoph (Operation Desert Storm) Class of ’54.Academy accredited to US Presidential White House. etc.
 
Current engagements: 1. the manufacturer overseas of a proven device to run a car/truck (250 old Chevy)  without fuel using a cell extending to and including a stationary engine block again with a cell, no water tank. The cell can run fuel less indefinitely. In reality a upgrading and enhancement of a last century patent.
 
2. As in 1 above the manufacture overseas of  a in line cell but set before the water pump on the suction hose that can take the salinity out of salt in sea water and or clean dirty river water producing pure drinking water. Beyond desalination!!  
 
As in the rain making device due Federal and or local laws and regulations these technologies are being sold offshore with sole agency country rights. 
 
In particular we don’t want to be bogged down in any State or Federal deeming fuel tax laws of running cars, trucks, stationery engines without petrol and or diesel now or in the future giving legislators time to catch up as in the recent birth of electrical cars, motorcycles (zero fuel tax) to find other more amendable taxation methods in line with new technologies. In reflection we are in times as in the Ameriacm Wright Bros / Australian Aviator Burt Hinkler’s aviator days as then of no Aviation laws.
 
Vehicles that can run off a cell, vis-à-vis no diesel will come sooner than later under current R & D.  The quest for oil will be shortened to mostly lubricants in line with known globally limited oil reserves. Thank you.  End
 
 
 

  _____  

All New Yahoo! Mail – Tired of Vi@gr@! come-ons? Let our SpamGuard protect you.
From:	Patrick O'Neill PhD <patrickoneillphd@cox.net>
Sent:	Tuesday, July 18, 2006 2:54 AM
To:	President George W. Bush
Cc:	Chairman Ken Mehlman; First Lady Laura Bush; Governor Jeb Bush; Info@GOP.com; Log Cabin Republicans; Vice President Dick Cheney
Subject:	Veto of Stem Cell Research

Dear President Bush,
Please do not utilize veto power to express your displeasure with the proposed authorization by the US Congress for government funding of stem cell research to advance medical technology.
Stem cell research is inevitable:  it is a wave of the future.
Utilization of your veto power would be another measure for Democrats to portray the Republican Party as a Southerly-controlled bunch of fanatically religious hillbillies and cowboys in the political campaigns of years 2006 and 2008.
Regardless of validity, such portrayal of  the GOP would cause members of the Independent Party to choose to vote Democrat.
Thanking you in advance for your immediate attention to this matter,
I remain...
Patrick W. O'Neill, PhD
 
From:	LSNOVA@wmconnect.com
Sent:	Tuesday, July 18, 2006 2:33 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Permits for home repairs or replacements

I do not know about N. Florida but S. Florida is in grave condition.  My issue is the State regulation that all replacements, repairs or renovations to our homes must have a permit - to invade our privacy.  Replacing doors, windows, and interior necessities should not be a judment from small town politicans authorized by the State.  This seems to have been instituted after hurricane Wilma and has flowed over to any need for everyday living.  This is not a safety issue but an opportunistic time to charge for an unnessary delay and most of all it is dictatorial.  It would be in the best interest of the State to rescind this regulation immediately before slum conditions prevail. 

L. Skerry
From:	dr.horsman <dr.horsman@worldnet.att.net>
Sent:	Tuesday, July 18, 2006 1:48 AM
To:	comments@whitehouse.gov; vice.president@whitehouse.gov
Cc:	info@gop.com; Governor Jeb Bush; news@worldnetdaily.com; editor@renewamerica.us; special@foxnews.com; speaker@mail.house.gov; senator@shelby.senate.gov; rush@eibnet.com; editor@weeklystandard.com; hannity@foxnews.com; Ailes, Roger; alerts@conservativealerts.com; FNS@foxnews.com; comments@sbgi.net; Feedback@foxnews.com; bill_frist@frist.senate.gov; newswatch@CBN.com; bccatanzaro@peedeeworld.net
Subject:	 Illusions Continue

A 'cycle' on nonsense
By Thomas Sowell
Tuesday, July 18, 2006

 
Now that Israel has responded to rocket attacks and the abduction of its soldiers by terrorists by making military strikes into areas controlled by those terrorists, much of our media are deploring another "cycle of violence" in the Middle East. 

For reasons unknown, some people seem to regard verbal equivalence as moral equivalence -- and the latter as some kind of badge of broadmindedness, if not intellectual superiority. 

Therefore, when Palestinian terrorists ("militants" in politically correct Newspeak) attack Israel and then Israel responds with military force, that is just another "cycle of violence" in the Middle East to some people. 

The "cycle" notion suggests that each side is just responding to what the other side does. But just what had Israel done to set off these latest terrorist acts? It voluntarily pulled out of Gaza, after evacuating its own settlers, and left the land to the Palestinian authorities. 

Terrorists then used the newly acquired land to launch rockets into Israel and then seized an Israeli soldier. Other terrorists in Lebanon followed suit. The great mantra of the past, "trading land for peace," is now thoroughly discredited, or should be. 

But facts mean nothing to people who are determined to find equivalence, whether today in the Middle East or yesterday in the Cold War. 

Since all things are the same, except for the differences, and different except for the similarities, nothing is easier than to create verbal parallels and moral equivalence, though some people seem to pride themselves on their ability to do such verbal tricks. 

Centuries ago, Thomas Hobbes said that words are wise men's counters but that they are the money of fools. 

Regardless of fashionable rhetoric, there is no Middle East "peace process" any more than trading "land for peace" has been a viable option. Nor is a Palestinian "homeland" a key to peace. 

During all the years when Arab countries controlled the land now proposed for a Palestinian homeland, there was no talk about any such homeland. Only after Israel took control of that territory as a result of the 1967 war was it suddenly sacred as a Palestinian homeland. 

There is no concession that will bring lasting peace to the Middle East because the terrorists and their supporters are not going to be satisfied by concessions. The only thing that will satisfy them is the destruction of Israel. 

Pending that, they will inflict as much destruction and bloodshed on the Israelis as they can get away with at any given time. This brutal reality is not going to vanish through verbal sleight of hand. 

The terrorists have spoken in words and in deeds, including suicide bombers. They have what Churchill once described in the Nazis as "currents of hatred so intense as to sear the souls of those who swim upon them." 

We saw that on 9/11 -- or should have seen it. But many, especially among the intelligentsia, are determined not to see it. 

Of all the Western democracies, only two have no choice but to depend on their own military forces for their survival -- the United States and Israel. The rest have for more than half a century had the luxury of depending on American military forces in general and the American nuclear deterrent in particular. 

People who have long been sheltered from mortal dangers can indulge themselves in the belief that there are no mortal dangers. Nuclear weapons in the hands of Iran or North Korea -- and, through them, in the hands of hate-filled terrorists -- may be all that will finally wake up such people. But that may be tragically too late. 

Those who keep calling for an end to the "cycle of violence" are what make such violence more likely. "World opinion" in general and the United Nations in particular can always be counted on to counsel "restraint" in response to attacks and "negotiations" in response to lethal threats. 

What that means is that those who start trouble will have a lower price to pay than if those they attacked were free to go all out in their counter-attack. Lowering the price to be paid by aggressors virtually guarantees more aggression. 

--------------------------------------------------------------------
HORSMAN REALITY CHECK
1. Terrorists don't want two states; they want Israel exterminated.
2. The Palestinians prefer to be led by terrorists.
3. There will be no peace until terrorists are eliminated.
 
Why is it so difficult for everyone to see the obvious?  But one thing about a moment of clarity such as is produced by a crisis.
Those who, PH ( after Hitler )  STILL fail to see that appeasing terrorists only begats more terrorism; and who fail to see what many of us said at the time would happen as a result of the Gaza and Lebanon Israeli surrenders to "pirsue land for peace" politics, i.e. that this was from the beginning a failed strategy, only a steping stone for more and more and more. 
 

A winning ticket for '08 --  Jeb and Newt 
From:	Deborahjudge44@aol.com
Sent:	Tuesday, July 18, 2006 1:46 AM
To:	president@whitehouse.gov; vice.president@whitehouse.gov; governor@wisconsin.gov; Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	FDA, FTC and the Govt. Stop CODEX we need to choose our health Care.

Dear Leaders:
 
 Please: Stop CODEX we need to choose our health Care.
 
Health care is an expensive sad state. The Pharma Cartel has the US Govt wrapped around it's fingers and the citizens are paying through the nose with taxes paying for prescription meds that cause more disasese by suppressing and not curing our ailments. You are all aware there are natural cures for every disease out there (that is not passed the point of no return may be due to cancer that has been radiated or chemoed).
 
I ask that you pray and really stop this madness of the Pharma and Food Cartel over taking the world. We all know there is much scandal going on in the oil companies and there is much worldwide genocide going on in the food, and drug industries.
 
Organic foods are being attacked and regulated and said they are organic when they are not.
 
OUr meat and dairy supply have antibiotics and hormones.
 
Fruit and vegetables are gassed with dangerous chemicals, genetically modified, sprayed with pretrocides. What we put on our bodies and brush our teeth with is dangerous as well. 
 
If you are not 100 percent going organic you all are toxic too.
 
Please do not look at the stock dollars of the food and drug companies and do what is right for the health of all people in our nation. Stop the govt inside trading.This is illegal.
 
Please stop the FTC and FDA breaking antitrust laws. Both these organizations as well as the NIH, CDC, AMA have much corruption in them.
 
Please do something now before these big conglomerates destroy us and our planet. Pray and act on the wisdome and agenda of the Holy Spirit.
 
God Speed
 
A very toxic and sick person who has a baby that has two lumps on her neck wondering if they are cancerous. It's too bad that my husband and I with no jobs ( both have master level degrees) have to struggle to find a naturopathic doctor to treat me and my daughter because state health care insurance doesn't cover natural treatments. It's much less expensive and safer methods yet it's illegal. Look out for my family's welfare please. 
 
I am very angry learning about all the govt corruption and collusion going on between the govt, FDA, and the FTC.
 
It's just as bad as abortion, embyronic stem cell killing, euthanasia killing all still going on in our country.
From:	WHTKNIGNT@comcast.net
Sent:	Tuesday, July 18, 2006 12:03 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	[*] Give us J.M. EVANS

Do the right thing, the time is right.
 
Help the people of Broward. Give us J.M. EVANS as our next Sheriff. A real Sheriff.
 
 
From:	David Berman <David@BermanConstruction.com>
Sent:	Monday, July 17, 2006 11:47 PM
To:	cfo@dfs.state.fl.us
Cc:	Workers.CompService@fldfs.com; underwriting@fwcjua.com; Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Workers' Compensation

Mr. Gallagher,

I am writing you today to express my concern and outrage with regards to Workers’ Compensation Insurance. I am a small General Contractor that has held an Exemption Certificate on me since the inception of my company. I have been a consultant for the last few years and the only employees in my company are me and my wife, who performs clerical work for me.

I have decided to expand my operations and have found an assistant that I would like to hire as a Construction Supervisor. Being the law abiding citizen that I am I started checking into obtaining Workers Compensation for my company.

Much to my dismay I found out that it is impossible for me to find a private insurer that would write this policy for a company as small as mine and that would even consider classifying my new employee as a Construction Supervisor. I was told that I would have to obtain my insurance from the Florida Workers’ Compensation Joint Underwriting Association, Inc.  (FWCJUA) So, I found an insurance producer that could write such a policy only to be told that the new supervisor would have to be considered a carpenter under the State’s “Class Code” 5645. Based on the information I provided to the producer and the class code he obtained from the FWCJUA, he obtained an estimate of $35,896 for my annual policy premium.

This is outrageous. Number 1, why can’t my new employee be classified and I be charged for the position I employ him as, a supervisor (Class Code 5606)? This could quite possibly save my company a lot of money as the rate should be significantly different.

Number 2 – how can a small company like mine grow and survive being saddled with such a large premium with such large required deposits (50% down and the balance in three payments over 9 months)?

I am sure you have heard this same sob story over and over again. But this time it affects me and my company and its ability to grow and bring on new employees. 

What more favorable options do I have? Am I missing something? Did I go about this in the wrong way?

A prompt response would greatly be appreciated.

 

 

Sincerely,

David Berman

The information contained in this transmission may contain privileged and confidential information. It is intended only for the use of the person or people named above. If you are not the intended recipient, you are hereby notified that any review, dissemination, distribution or duplication of this communication is strictly prohibited. If you are not the intended recipient, please contact the sender by reply email and destroy all copies of the original message.

 

From:	Gllynn768@aol.com
Sent:	Monday, July 17, 2006 11:23 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	hello there

this  islisa glenn   from babson park florida   i wanted to let you know  thank you for everything you have done  for my family   we are happy that you are here to  help us  thanks  again for the fema trailer  it really help us in our time of need   thank you  LISA  GLENN  AND FAMILY
From:	Mike Ledbetter <unitedstatesofamericacitizen@hotmail.com>
Sent:	Monday, July 17, 2006 11:22 PM
To:	Vice_President@whitehouse.gov; comments@whitehouse.gov
Cc:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Israeli-Palestinian conflict - Mike Ledbetter
Attachments:	Israeli-Palestinian conflict.wps.doc

Vice President's Staff:


    I hope you are doing good today.  Please review the attached document 
and insure that the President and Vice President get a copy of it.  Thank 
you.

                                                                             
                  Sincerely,

                                                                             
                  Mike Ledbetter


The attached document is also listed below.  I did
this so you could print out a copy and give it to the
President and Vice President.  As I do not know for
sure whether you are able to open any attachments
in emails that are sent to you.  Some places have
policies where they prefer no attachements, so I listed
the document below just in case.

										July 17, 2006

THE PRESIDENT
SENATORS OF THE UNITED STATES
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES


	I wanted to write you briefly on the subject of the Jews and the Arabs in 
Palestine.  I will be sending a Treatise on the subject in a couple of days; 
  However, I wanted all of you to know where I am leaning concerning the 
issues.  The four points below will express where my views are before I send 
the Treatise which will go into the subject in-depth looking for answers.  I 
believe there is an answer out there, we just need to find it.


1)   	 What earthly power are directly behind the creation of Islamic 
terrorists, which 	also allows the Islamic terrorists to continue to exist?


	Most all Islamic terrorist groups are supported and encouraged by a Arab 
President or Arab Prime Minister in a Middle Eastern Nation.  Without the 
power of a government leader behind them in some way, terrorists would not 
be able to operate within the borders of a Islamic Nation.  Some of these 
Presidents and Prime Ministers are right out in the open that they are 
supporting terrorists and terrorism, (Iran, Syria, Palestine) whereas other 
Arab President’s and Prime Ministers will ride both sides of the fence 
(Lebanon, Saudi Arabia, etc.).  On one side of the fence they are secretly 
and covertly supporting terrorists and terrorism, and on the other side of 
the fence they are telling the International community that they are against 
terrorism and that they want to cooperate with everyone else on the war on 
terrorism.  These “two fenced” leaders then by taking such an approach get 
access to “highly sensitive” and “security related” information from the 
United Nations and other world leaders, and they use this information to 
their advantage to keep the terrorist organizations alive and functional in 
the International community.   There is also one other category of Arab 
Leaders.  He is the one who at one time was actively supporting terrorism, 
but because of pressure from the International community he has quit 
supporting the terrorist groups that he once supported, but at the same time 
he now sits back and does nothing to police and incarcerate the terrorist 
groups operating within his nation to launch strikes against Israel and 
others (Possibly Egypt, Pakistan, U.A.E., etc.)  It is only in rare 
situations will you actually find an Arab President or Arab Prime Minister 
who is against all forms of Islamic Terrorism and will actually use his 
“police powers” to bring “Islamic terrorist groups” to an end that are 
residing within his Nation.







2)   	Why has Islamic terrorism came about in the world?


	The League of Nations turned the Middle East over to the U.K. to control 
and monitor through the British mandate.  When they pulled out, the Jewish 
people were basically defenseless to a certain degree.  Therefore the greedy 
Arabs who already owned the entire Middle East and the Northern parts of 
Africa decided they did not want any Jews occupying any territory close to 
them, even though those Jews had no where else to go, and Israel had been 
their home all though ancient history.  The leaders of the Arab Nations then 
attacked Israel from all sides and were miraculously repelled.  Then the 
United States felt Israel’s plight, and began to help them with military 
supplies.  But even in the beginning it was the un-democratic Leaders of the 
Arab Nations who were the causes of all the problems.  They encouraged and 
incited their citizens to war against the Jews.
	In summary Islamic terrorism came about because the Arab Leaders could not 
beat Israel on the battle field through conventional warfare.   The Arab 
Leaders therefore resorted to financing covert terrorist activities in all 
forms, and supplied financing and support for the creation of “terrorist 
groups” and “terrorist militias“.  And this type of activity started in the 
1950’s, and has continued with most Arab leaders to the present.
	Someone might ask would the Arabs have resulted to terrorism in the world, 
eventually, even if Israel had never existed?  I believe the answer is yes, 
that they would have, however, it would not have been as extreme and it 
would have started off slower than what it actually did.   Even if Israel 
had not existed, the Muslims would have eventually started resorting to 
Terrorism after they were released from under the control of the British and 
French protectorates.   The reason the Muslims would have resorted to 
terrorism is for two reasons:  1) No one was overseeing that democratic 
governments were formed within their new nations, and 2) Without democratic 
governments to curb the fanatical aspects of Islam, those fanatical aspects 
would spring forth in misapplied interpretations of Jihad, etc.,  3) Without 
democratic governments, the Muslims, when they could not get their way with 
aggression and force, would have dealt with stronger nations who did not 
support their jihadist philosophy with terrorism.  Just as they are doing 
today.
	Look at what the Extremist Muslims are doing today in Nations where their 
government leaders are not democratic.   The extremist Muslims have bloody 
borders with every religion they come across that does not immediately 
convert.   The extremist Muslims are stirring up things all over Africa, 
they are stirring up things all over the Middle East, they are stirring up 
things in parts of Eastern Europe, they are stirring up things in parts of 
Russian territory, they are stirring up things in Asia in such places as 
India.
	So the answer is that even if the nation of Israel had never come to exist, 
and even if not a single Jew had ever returned to Palestine, eventually the 
Muslims would have resorted to terrorism and developed it in all of its 
different forms because of their jihadist philosophy, and their lack of 
democratic institutions.  The world also might have been better off, if the 
Muslims had of never came into contact with the Mongols, as the Mongols 
after conquering the Muslims in many areas and merging with them, taught the 
Muslims a lot of all of their surprise and terrorist tactics.


3) 	So what are the main factors that are contributing to stirring up the 
	prejudice, hatred, and violence of the Muslims against Israel and other 
	Nations?

1)  First and foremost, the United Nations current stance is the first 
problem of all.  Their stance is both unfair and unjust to the Israelites, 
taking into consideration everything that the Arabs have done over the past 
58 years.  I will explain that below in a later section.

2)  Secondly it is the undemocratic governments in many Arab Nations and the 
undemocratic Islamic leaders that control those governments.   If that 
problem is not corrected also, along with No. 1 above, then you cannot even 
attempt to hope to find a solution that will work once and for all.

3) Third is the way in which Arab children are being socialized.  Once 
democracy takes the place of a corrupt Islamic regime, the occupying power 
must insure that any textbooks that are used in the public schools of the 
new nation are expressing and promoting ideas of peace, instead of ideas of 
hatred, war, and jihad.  Truth can be taught in textbooks without 
instigating the poor children to prejudice, hatred, and war also.

4)  Fourth, once a Arab Nation is converted to democracy, a new peaceful 
form of Islam must be strongly encouraged and developed in textbooks, 
organizations, and in the Mosques, in order to take the place of all 
intolerant jihadist views of Islam in Arab Nations.

5)  Comparative world religions and sociology should be strongly taught in 
Arab nations, even more strongly taught than it is in other parts of this 
world.  This would also help to get the Arabs to lighten up on their 
intolerance of other religions.  Along with this, the religious leaders of 
the various faiths should begin to dialogue more, maybe under the guidance 
of the United Nations.   The different Nations could send certain religious 
leaders that are open minded and respected in their fields to a new 
committee formed at the U.N.  The religious leaders could discuss such 
topics as tolerance between religions, and letting religious views be spread 
by truth instead of forced conversion.  They could discuss the things that 
they have in common, and how they might work together to help those who are 
starving and poor.   However, it is probably best that such a committee does 
not get into discussions about which religion is correct, or why their 
religion is correct as compared to the others, those discussions should be 
off limits for this particular committee, because of the committees 
particular purpose.  These religious leaders could then return to their 
respective nations and influence the government leaders to take more 
tolerant approaches in the world concerning other faiths, and to renounce 
all forms of jihadist ideologies.






A Brief History and Analysis



	The League of Nations turned the Middle Eastern areas, transjordan, etc. 
over to U.K. to monitor and control.   The British bended over backwards 
under their British mandate to accommodate both the Jews and the Arabs.  The 
Jews were cooperative with the U.K., but the Arabs were not.  The U.K. 
offered two plans on two different occasions for two separate states living 
side by side.   Israel accepted both offers and decisions, the Arabs refused 
both as they wanted all or nothing.  The U.K then referred the situation to 
the power and authority of the United Nations in order for them to 
investigate the matter further and make a decision.  The U.N. then 
investigated the matter, and with their authority said that both the Jews 
and Arabs must submit to their authority and agree to a two state plan and 
decision.  Again the Jews cooperated and accepted the U.N.’s authority, and 
again the Arabs rejected the U.N.’s authority, offer, and decision as they 
wanted it all or nothing.   The Arabs basically slapped every nation in the 
face, and told the U.N. that they did not recognize their authority and 
decision and that the U.N. had exceeded it’s authority, they then claimed 
under the United Nation’s Charter that every people in a territory has a 
right to determine their own destiny the way that they choose to do so.
	So the U.N. had made it’s decision and the Jews cooperated and accepted it 
in 1947.  The Arabs basically slapped everyone in the face, including the 
U.N.,  in 1947.  Then the U.K. pulled all of it’s troops out of the 
territory of Palestine.   According to the U.N.’s plan, Israel declared its 
Independence the same day.
	Then without warning the Palestinians along with the Nations of Lebanon, 
Syria, Jordan, Egypt, and Iraq all attacked Israel on all sides with the 
goal of exterminating Israel and fulfilling their interpretation of the 
United Nations Charter that says each People of a territory have a right to 
fulfill their own destiny.   However, the Arabs only liked that 
interpretation when they thought they were going to be the winners, but they 
are hypocrites when they are the losers, and do not abide by their own rules 
when they are the losers instead of the winners, and instead they want to go 
back to the rules that they had disrespected and rejected, and hope that 
someone lets them so they can get into a position to attack Israel again and 
violate the rules again, until somebody finally figures them out.
	Israel was a friendly and peaceful nation in the midst of non-peaceful 
nations.  When the U.K., as the authority at that time, told Israel it had a 
right to exist if it cooperated and accepted it’s decisions then Israel had 
a right to exist.  If the United Nations, who was then the authority, told 
Israel it had a right to exist if it cooperated and accepted it’s decisions 
then Israel had a right to exist.  However, if Israel had not cooperated or 
accepted their decision then Israel would not have had a right to exist, and 
all offers would have been off shortly thereafter, and each party that 
ignored and disrespected the United Nations’ authority, by not accepting 
their original decision, would do so at the peril of its own fate.  If it 
not only rejected all authority and sought to exterminate the Nation who had 
cooperated with the U.N., then any new territory acquired by the cooperating 
Nation, Israel, would belong to Israel to do with at its own discretion.  
Israel did not want any war in 1948 it was forced upon them by the Arabs who 
disrespected the entire International community.  Now since the Arabs have 
shown Israel that the Arabs cannot be trusted, Israel has not choice but to 
keep those territories for defensive reasons against Arabs that no one can 
trust, not the Jews, not the International community, and not the United 
Nations.   For the safety of Israel’s own existence it needed a buffer, and 
that is what function the West Bank has served.  It provides Israel some 
breathing room between it and the Jordanians, Syrians, and Palestinians.  
And until the Arabs show that they are willing to accept Israel as a Nation, 
and refrain from violence, Israel has no choice but to maintain a defensive 
position in order to protect its citizens and families.
	Once the Arab nations resorted to war when England pulled out, they gave up 
all rights to or claims to plans enacted by the U.K. or the U.N..   Plus 
because of the Arabs total disregard of everyone and everything, the U.N. no 
longer has a right to put any demands on Israel who had cooperated and done 
right in the beginning, and has only done what it had done since the 
beginning in complete self-defense.  The boundaries set out by the U.K. and 
the U.N. might have worked for a “two state solution” before one party 
showed that it could not be trusted and would exterminate the other if given 
a chance.  But once one party showed that as its intentions, the other party 
who had cooperated all along has every right to retain certain lands won in 
the conflict that enable it to protect itself from extermination by enemies 
that refuse to really recognize it’s existence.  Israel has to do whatever 
it has to do to protect its citizens and families.
	The United Nation is incorrect in making any statements saying that Israel 
must return any land that it acquired after the 1948 war.   Israel was not 
the attacker, the other Arab nations were, and they were malicious 
attackers.
	I propose that the United Nations pass new resolutions saying that Israel 
has a right to keep all the lands it acquired during the 1948 and 1967 “Six 
day war” for defensive purposes since Israel has never been the aggressor, 
attacker, or invader.  As the Arabs rejected the United Nations authority 
outright, and do not have a right to later call upon that authority when 
their plans of exterminating the Jews completely did not work out.  However, 
in the resolution it should also say that for the sake of world peace that 
once certain conditions are met, that the U.N. recommends to Israel that it 
return a good portion of the land to the Palestinians by which they could 
form their own nation, that is if Israel ever wants to know peace again..  
They should then also advise the Palestinians to desist from all terrorist 
activities if they ever hope to have a Nation state again after all the 
nations and authorities they have disrespected, as they currently from their 
past actions are in no way entitled to that land.   They can say it in a 
much lighter way than I did, but the U.N. must quit putting ideas in the 
Palestinians minds that even after all of their criminal behavior they have 
a right to the original plan in 1948 still, or even the plan in resolution 
242.  That is wrong and incorrect discernment, and it leads the Palestinians 
to believe that they can continue to engage in terrorist activities since 
Israel has not given back all the territories back from the original plan in 
1947, when the Arabs attacked Israel and tried to exterminate them.
	In summary, all armistice lines, treaties, agreements, and plans were off 
for the Palestinians once the Palestinians and their “war partners” invaded 
Israel in 1948.  The Palestinians actions totally and completely 
disrespected the United Nations, and is therefore in no way entitled to any 
support from the United Nations on the matter, as it is now in Israel‘s 
hands and no one else‘s.  No one else was going to fight for Israel in 1948 
and keep the Arabs from exterminating them and driving them to their deaths 
in the seas.  In other words if the United Nations now decides to ever put 
in a good word for the Palestinians and Arabs after what the Arabs have 
done, it is solely upon the United Nations good will and discretion.  But 
after what the Arabs did leading up to the 1948 war, the United Nations 
should be completely and totally on the Israelites side, and respect 
Israel‘s decisions, even though the U.N. can still voice their opinion to 
Israel to encourage Israel to take steps to bring about peace if possible..
	The United Nations must change its tone or it is going to create a nuclear 
war in the Middle East.  As long as those Islamic terrorists think they have 
a right to land that they forfeited there will be no stopping the violence, 
ever.   As long as the Palestinians who broke every treaty and deal and 
tried to exterminate the Jews in 1948 can say we have a right to that land 
because the United Nations says we have a right to it, then terrorism is 
going to continue to escalate and a peace solution will not be found.  The 
Arabs will not negotiate as long as they feel they have a right to take back 
all of the land that the Jews took in self-defense.   And they only think 
they have that right because the United Nations is making a big mistake in 
telling them that they do.    The United Nations should be telling the 
Palestinians that they forfeited all rights by ignoring both plans the U.K. 
offered before U.K. pulled out, and by ignoring and disregarding the plan 
that the United Nations offered while such a “two nation border solution” 
was possible .  If that was not enough they forfeited those rights when they 
engaged in aggressive and terrorist activities of invading Israel once the 
U.K. pulled out, seeking to exterminate Israel.
	The Palestinian liberation Organization was created in 1964 right before 
Syria, Jordan, Egypt, Iraq, and the Palestinians all initiated another 
surprise attack against Israel in 1967.  Before the 1967 war none of the PLO 
members wanted the Jews or Israel to remain alive, and still had plans to 
utterly destroy them.   Then after the 1967 war when the Arabs were defeated 
again, some PLO members hesitantly recognized Israel's right to exist within 
certain boundaries; while most still held that Israel must eventually be 
destroyed.   And under these conditions the United Nations wants to tell 
these aggressive Islamic Arabs that they have a legal right to the land that 
was offered to them by the British mandate, and the first United Nations 
resolution on the issue in 1947.  As soon as you give those Palestinians 
that land, they will soon shortly thereafter attack Israel again from 
Israel’s completely vulnerable and indefensible position, that the U.N. says 
that Israel has to take on.  We have no right, none of us, to ask Israel to 
commit suicide, when we know that the Nations and Arabs next to Israel do 
not recognize Israel as a Nation, and will attack Israel any chance that 
they get.
	Israel has a right to keep the land that is vital to their national 
security until at such time that the Palestinians and their “war partners” 
assure Israel that they recognize Israel as a Nation, and will not engage in 
any more invasions or hostilities toward Israel (that includes no more 
suicide bombings also).
	Knowing the current attitude of the Arabs, it is very evident that until 
the current Palestinian Liberation Organization is replaced with a 
democratic organization, the possibility of Palestinian statehood is not 
likely, and must be delayed until the existence and safety of Israel is 
secured from invasion again.
	 Israel has rightly stated also that its security requires that any 
Palestinian entity created in the future would not at first have all the 
attributes of a state, at least initially, so that in case things go wrong, 
Israel would not have to face a dangerous and nearby enemy.   Israel is open 
to there being a Palestinian state that is a self-administering entity.  
However, until such a Palestinian state is no longer dependent upon Israel’s 
economy and can stand on its own it may not be possible to give such a 
Palestinian state full sovereignty immediately, but instead in phases as the 
new Palestinians economy and infrastructure develops.  Israel is right in 
this regard and the United Nations needs to back them up and support them 
with resolutions in this regard.
	Some think that the Israelites are sometimes going to far when suicide 
bombers invade and kill hundreds of Israel’s innocent families.
	Do you want to know what the Arabs would have done if they had successfully 
conquered the Jews after slapping the United Nations in the face in 1947?  
Let me tell you.  They would have massacred the Jews, just like Saddam 
Hussein massacred his own citizens, and just like the Muslims are massacring 
innocent people in different parts of Africa.  The only Jews who would have 
survived would have been the ones who escaped on boats or floatation devices 
through the route of the Mediterranean sea.   Every other Jew that did not 
escape would have been either killed, tortured, or imprisoned.   And the 
Arabs would not have listened to a single word or demand by the United 
Nations that they stop the inhumane acts of extermination.  Just like Saddam 
Hussein did not listen to the U.N., and just like Iran is currently not 
listening to the U.N..  The Jews would have basically become extinct, and 
the name Israel would have been a name only remembered in ancient times in 
the Bible.
	God told Abraham to your descendants I am giving this land.  Abraham saved 
us all when he was willing to offer his only begotten son for God.  If God 
had not successfully found a human being that was willing to give their son 
for him, it would not have been right for any creation to expect God to give 
his only begotten son to them, where no one would have done the same for 
God.  Abraham helped save mankind.  And God told Abraham that his 
descendants would have the land of Israel in one form or another.
	Who would want to stand and tell God that Israel does not have a right to 
exist?  If God gave Israel to the Jews that supersedes the British Mandate 
and any United Nations resolutions.  But that is not the issue here as both 
the British Mandate and the United Nations resolutions also agreed that the 
Jews had a right to some of the territories of Palestine in order to create 
their nation, Israel.
	The Problem is that the Arabs are telling God, the British Mandate, and the 
United Nations that the Jews and Israel do not have a right to exist, and 
they rejected every and any plan offering a two state solution when such 
plans with particular boundaries could have been possible without posing 
security threats to either state.   And now the United Nations is making 
thing worse by leading these Palestinians to believe that after every one of 
their violations of everyone and every nation, that they still have a right 
to the land in the 1947 offer, when they outright turned down that offer 
because they wanted to exterminate the Jews and have it all to themselves.  
By their actions the Palestinians showed that the “two state solution” in 
that offer was no longer workable, because one of the parties could in no 
way be trusted, and to now establish a “two state solution” according to the 
boundaries of the 1947 plan or even resolution 242, would be disastrous for 
the peaceful nation who had cooperated and accepted the United Nations 
authority in the beginning in 1947.  It would put that nation into a 
complete indefensible position against another nation that could in no way 
be trusted.
	Listen to what the Palestinians said in 1947 when they completely rejected 
the United Nations authority.  They said that under the provisions of the 
United Nations Charter that the people in the Palestinian territories had 
the right to decide their own destiny.   In other words they said we will 
decide it our way by force and war, and whoever wins will have the right to 
decide the way it will be.   Well if the Arabs wanted it that way, then I 
say give it to them.  They got their war and started their war in 1948 and 
they got defeated.   Israel did not want it to go down that way, it was how 
the Arabs forced it to go down giving Israel no choice.  So Israel won, so 
according to the Arabs rules, under the United Nations Charter which were 
the only ones that the Arabs ever accepted and went by and rejected all 
others, whoever wins in a war between the people in a territory has a right 
to decide the destiny of that territory.  So let the Arabs live by the 
results of their own words, until at such time they learn to refrain from 
violence.   Israel now, as the victor, has the complete right under the 
Arabs own rules of engagement to decide how the Palestinian territories will 
be handled.  Plus what Israel is doing now to defend itself and its citizens 
after winning the war is justified as the Arabs have already shown on 
numerous occasions that they will not cooperate with any “two state 
solution“, and will attack Israel any chance they get.   Furthermore 
according to the Arabs own rules if they would have won in 1948, they would 
not have felt any obligation toward the Jews at all, and not a single Jew 
would have been left alive in the Palestinian territories except for those 
who were imprisoned instead of killed.  And many of the Jews would have 
drowned fleeing out through the Mediterranean sea.
	I believe now you all know which way I am leaning in the Jewish-Arab 
conflict.  Presently the United Nations is trying to solve the Palestine 
problem in to big of chunks.  There is no way to get both sides to totally 
agree on a solution concerning all of the disputed Palestinian territories 
in one move under one Palestinian government.  It’s impossible.  The best 
chance for peace in the Palestinian areas is to establish a democracy in one 
area of the Palestinian territories, and then another democracy in another 
area, and then possibly a final democracy in the last remaining Palestinian 
territories.  I believe the first and best move is to create a small 
sovereign nation out of the Gaza strip, which is completely separate from 
the West Bank.  That will solve the Gaza Strip problem.  Then we must decide 
whether to create one Palestinian nation out of the West Bank or to break 
the West Bank up into two sovereign Palestinian nations.  I’m pretty sure 
Israel does not wanted to be surrounded by just one government from 3 
different points of potential attack against Israel.  If Hamas is running 
the Gaza strip and both North West Bank and South West Bank, then it can 
coordinate attacks against Israel from three locations that pose security 
problems to Israel’s existence.   However, if two or three separate Nations 
are created out of some of the disputed Palestinian territories, then it’s 
possible the government of one of those Arab nations will lean toward 
democracy and peace, and will be one less area that Israel has to worry 
about being attacked from.
	I hope some of the ideas in the letter are helpful.  As all of you can tell 
I am on Israel’s side for many reasons, all of them, I feel, which are 
clearly justified.  In the Treatise I will send you in a couple of days I 
will go more in depth on the subject along with ideas for the division of 
the West Bank, ideas for some new security resolutions which will inform the 
Palestinians that they can no longer rely on any statements by the U.N. as 
grounds for continuing their terrorist activities, and a more in-depth 
history of the Israeli-Palestinian conflict.
	However, I would like to say that if the U.N. decides to take this new 
approach, which it should, it must do it in a very delicate way, so as to 
not give the impression to the Palestinian leaders that they no longer want 
to help them at all, but only to give the impression that the U.N. will no 
longer allow the Arabs to use any U.N. stances as reasons for continuing 
their violence and terrorism against Israel or the International community.


									Sincerely,

									Mike Ledbetter

_________________________________________________________________
Express yourself instantly with MSN Messenger! Download today - it's FREE! 
http://messenger.msn.click-url.com/go/onm00200471ave/direct/01/
From:	JSKALET@aol.com
Sent:	Monday, July 17, 2006 11:10 PM
To:	brett@tg2006.com
Cc:	acpa@acpafl.org; alice@scpafl.org; appraiser@bradfordappraiser.com; appraiser@brevardpopertyappraiser.com; appraiser@co.desoto.fl.us; appraiser@hendrypa.com; appraiser@putnam-fl.com; appraiser@unionpa.com; bakerpa@bakercountyfl.org; info@madisonpa.com; bdonegan@ocpafl.org; info@srcpa.org; carmen@gladesflpa.com; ccpaweb@mail.pa.citrus.fl.us; chris_jones@co.escambia.fl.us; clayv.gadsdenpa@tds.net; coappr@ccpafl.com; dleggett@mail.co.gilchrist.fl.us; dwardpa@earthlink.net; dxprop@mail.dms.state.fl.us; ehavill@lakecopropappr.com; esn@appraiser.co.highlands.fl.us; furstj@co.st-lucie.fl.us; g.haddock@nassauflpa.com; gil.carter@washcofl.com; hamcopa@alltel.net; holmespa@earthlink.net; jak@miamidade.gov; jcpa@wfeca.net; info@suwaneepa.com; jknowles@mcpafl.org; jsmith@pcpao.org; kc.hardeepa@earthlink.net; info@pa.martin.fl.us; lcpa@gtcom.net; lcpa@svic.net; lori@bcpa.net; manateepao@madisonpa.com; mcpa@pa.marion.fl.us; morgang@co.volusia.fl.us; pa@co.hernando.fl.us; pa@flaglerpa.com; paaccount01@lcpa.leon.fl.us; paadmin@coj.net; pafb@property-appraiser.org; pamikewells@pascogov.com; paoffice@polk-county.net; pilpatrick@co.walton.fl.us; propertyappraiser@ircpa.org; psmith@okaloosapa.com; rbarnett@pamail.co.bay.fl.us; rhawkins@sumterpa.com; rp@ccappraiser.com; sgarrett@collierappraiser.com; sjcpa@sjcpa.us; skippervoo@yahoo.com; sppraiser@LafayettePA.com; tcpavictoria@hotmail.com; appraiser@sarasotaproperty.org; tstone@gtcom.net; custserv@hcpafl.org; w.taylor@okeechobeepa.com; wilkinsonk@leepa.org; wweeks@ccpao.com; Aronberg, Dave; Bennett, Michael (LEG); Governor Jeb Bush; Carlton, Lisa; Clarke, Donna; Detert, Nancy; Brett@tg2006.com; Lt. Governor Toni Jennings; info@sarasotataxcollector.com; floridatreasury@fldfs.com; Galvano, Bill; Grant, Michael; luisguinart@sarasotaproperty.org; manateepoa@co.manatee.fl.us; Kreegel, Paige; jley@scgov.net; mmcnees@scgog.net; pmercier@scgov.net; Miller, Lesley; dmills@scgov.net; npatters@scgov.net; Peterman, Frank; Reagan, Ron; clkinfo@scgov.net; jseward@scgov.net; attrn:marksmith; sstaub@scgov.net; exemptions@leepa.org; b.ardren@verizon.net; liz.babiarz@heraldtribune.com; lburke@longboatobserver.com; dcalabroe@floridataxwatch.org; dcondon@sarasotaobserver.com; tdukes@longboatobserver.com; editor.letters@heraldtribune.com; eric.ernst@heraldtribune.com; larry.evans@heraldtribune.com; ajohnson@jcpgroup.com; WKealing@aol.com; michael.scarcella@heraldtribune.com; doug.sword@heraldtribune.com; maurice.tamman@heraldtribune.com; rthomson@sarasotaobserver.com; jturcotte@floridataxwatch.org; lbwalsh@longboatobserver.com; mwalsh@longboatobserver.com; patrick.whittle@heraldtribune.com; cathy.zollo@heraldtribune.com
Subject:	Tom Gallagher for Governor

Brett,  thank you for sending me tom's campaign statement,  i agree with almost all that you have included.   The portability of the Homestead exemption and save our homes  i see as a further transfer of the property tax burden to the business owner,  the apartment owner and the non-resident provider of tourist housing.  even though much of your constituency would like this, and might vote for Tom,  more and more Floridians now understand that if Florida becomes more expensive for the tourist because of the heavy tax burden being added to the rental rate,   they will find other places to go and those coveted "winter dollars" that provide for the majority of county and school services through sales tax revenue,  will be in jeoprody.  Please review his position on this and encourage him to not take action to further burden the part time resident with full time resident services.  john skalet
 
 
 
 
In a message dated 7/17/2006 7:31:16 A.M. Mountain Daylight Time, brett@tg2006.com writes:



Sounds good, John.  We would definitely be glad to get your support.

 

Brett Doster

Campaign Manager

Gallagher for Governor

526 East Park Avenue

Tallahassee, FL  32301

(850) 577-0003

(850) 681-0006 (Fax)

brett@tg2006.com

www.tg2006.com

 

 


  _____  


From: JSKALET@aol.com [mailto:JSKALET@aol.com] 
Sent: Sunday, July 16, 2006 9:39 PM
To: Brett Doster
Subject: Re: Herald Article July 2, 2006

 

thank you brett,  i look forward to reading it!!!!!    john skalet

 
From:	Jo Ann C. <calmasini@verizon.net>
Sent:	Monday, July 17, 2006 11:07 PM
To:	Gullic, Gary
Cc:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Re: Joseph John Sokol #R34209
Attachments:	07-17-2006 10;25;40PM.pdf; prisonPromise.pdf; letter1.pdf; letter2.pdf

Dear Mr. Gullic,
 
I ask you to see what Joey sent me today after I emailed you and the others....and know he does have every right to be mad.... you would be too!  Please tell me after reading these documents what I should do to help him... he really is NOT prison material... yes, he is willing to do his time, but I agree with him that more can be done to help him.... he has potential... much... please help me!
 
Blessings and thank you for your time and consideration,
 
Mrs. Jo-Ann Calmasini
 
 
 
----- Original Message ----- 

From: Gullic, Gary 
To: Jo Ann C. 
Sent: Monday, July 17, 2006 4:40 PM
Subject: RE: Joseph John Sokol #R34209


Ms. Calmasini: You are welcome. You might wish to go to the Department’s Website to get some general information, about transfers for example. Go to myflorida.com on the internet or www.dc.state.fl.us/. The section on frequently asked questions (FAQs) may be helpful. 

 

G.A. Gullic, CSC 

 


  _____  


From: Jo Ann C. [mailto:calmasini@verizon.net] 
Sent: Monday, July 17, 2006 4:17 PM
To: Gullic, Gary
Subject: Re: Joseph John Sokol #R34209

 

Thank you for you quick response!

 

JO-ANN CALMASINI

----- Original Message ----- 

From: Gullic, Gary 

To: Jo Ann C. 

Sent: Monday, July 17, 2006 4:11 PM

Subject: RE: Joseph John Sokol #R34209

 

Ms. Calmasini: I have forwarded your inquiry to Mr. Charles Collins, Classification Supervisor, at Gainesville Correctional Institution. I have asked him to respond to you. 

 

G.A. Gullic, CSC 

 


  _____  


From: Jo Ann C. [mailto:calmasini@verizon.net] 
Sent: Monday, July 17, 2006 1:49 PM
To: Dugger, Richard; Gullic, Gary; Governor Jeb Bush
Cc: Reid, Johnny; Crawford, Daniel W.
Subject: Joseph John Sokol #R34209
Importance: High

 

Hello...

 

My name is Jo-Ann Calmasini (ex- Sokol)... I am Joey Sokol's mom, and I would like to know if you could help me find out somethings, and understand better somethings?

 

I am just trying to understand how the prison systems 'evaluation process' (the one that decides which facility to send the 'lawbreaker') has my son in a facility with no education programs, no work programs, and no vocational programs?  How does your evaluation program work?  What is the criteria that determines where a prisoner goes?  Was there something in is 'evaluation' that showed that he should be with repeat offenders and men that basically have do not much potential to be useful citizens in our society???

 

I feel that if Joey was properly evaluated that anyone can see that he is not a career criminal, and has a lot of potential to be 'corrected'.  We all make mistakes... most just do not get caught!  Joey is very remorseful and I know he has matured a lot in recent months and understands what mistakes he has made in his 'rebellious' teen/young adult years and will not repeat those mistakes.  He also has a very high I.Q. and that if allowed to he would be getting education while serving his time, as well as working!  He wants to better himself and never return to prison, but the 'SYSTEM' is not allowing him to do that!  WHY?

 

And why did the 'system' put him in a facility so far away from his family and friends... his only real support system at this time?  Is it the goal of the 'SYSTEM' to make young men like Joey as hardened and useless to society as most of the others?  

 

Can you tell me how I could find out if Joey can be moved to Sumter Correctional Institute where there are programs for him to better himself and, he would be closer to his family and friends?  Is there anyone I can write to?  This is a human being that still has great potential in life!  Shouldn't the system be trying to make useful citizens out of these type of young men?  Please someone help me to help my son... I know that I know that I know... that he is remorseful for his actions and WANTS to better himself!

 

Please at least re-evaluate him?

 

Blessings, Thank you for your time and consideration,

 

Jo-Ann Calmasini

From:	The Americas Community Center Inc <fabio@americascc.org>
Sent:	Monday, July 17, 2006 11:06 PM
To:	Rodriguez, Jose Luis
Cc:	jeb@jeb.org; alan@jeb.org; Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	[*] RE: invitación Coctel

Jose Luis

I do not understand why we never get the support of the governor or his office. I have sent invitations months in advance, invitations asking for the governor to let us know when is a good date and invitations with short notices and nothing.  Is not that we are always sending invitation and special request.

I remember just about four years ago when he was in his reelection campaign and he called on me and the Colombian Americans for our support and we were there.  I am very disappointed and expect an explanation as to the reason why.

Best regards,

Fabio A. Andrade

 

 

 

  _____  

From: Rodriguez, Jose Luis [mailto:Jose.Rodriguez@MyFlorida.com] 
Sent: Monday, July 17, 2006 7:13 PM
To: The Americas Community Center Inc
Subject: RE: invitación Coctel

 

Fabio gracias por la invitacion, pero ese dia tengo otro compromiso y no puedo asistir. Tratare de asistir al proximo evento.

 

Saludos,

 

Jose Luis

 

Jose Luis Rodriguez, Esq.

Special Assistant to the Governor

 

 

 

  _____  

From: The Americas Community Center Inc [mailto:fabio@americascc.org]
Sent: Mon 7/17/2006 2:13 PM
To: Rodriguez, Jose Luis
Subject: FW: invitación Coctel

Jose Luis 

Esta es una invitación personal espero nos puedas acompañar. Favor de confirmar 954 949 0549 Si o No

Favor de RSVP 954 949 0549

Saludos 

Fabio

Watch this video English: http://youtube.com/watch?v=JyFXVslYYzI&mode=related&search=colombia  

Vea Video en Español: http://youtube.com/watch?v=EgjkNxKitGA&mode=related&search=colombia  

 

 

 

From:	GARY H MASTERS <mastersg@earthlink.net>
Sent:	Monday, July 17, 2006 10:30 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	insurance

it is my belief, between homeowners insurance premiums, property taxes, and the price of gasoline, these 3 things
are costing me many customers at my small restaurant in spring hill. too many more economic factors will cost me by business. 
                                         thank you.
From:	Armstrong, Eva <Eva.Armstrong@dep.state.fl.us>
Sent:	Monday, July 17, 2006 10:23 PM
To:	Castille, Colleen; LJMoller@aol.com; Glisson, Mark; Governor Jeb Bush; wildfed@aol.com; lane.asaf@comcast.net; barjnpwll@aol.com; CaptFrankAdams@aol.com
Cc:	struting57@hughes.net
Subject:	Re: The 104-year-old company long ago owned the land -- among 2-million acres

Yes ma'm.
As soon as we can get the records from archives.
Eva
--------------------------
Eva Armstrong
850-245-2555
sent from my Blackberry 


-----Original Message-----
From: FL_DEP <FL_DEP@dep.state.fl.us>
To: 'LJMoller@aol.com' <LJMoller@aol.com>; Armstrong, Eva
<Eva.Armstrong@dep.state.fl.us>; Glisson, Mark
<Mark.Glisson@dep.state.fl.us>; Castille, Colleen
<Colleen.Castille@dep.state.fl.us>; bush@eog.state.fl.us
<bush@eog.state.fl.us>; Wildfed@aol.com <Wildfed@aol.com>;
lane.asaf@comcast.net <lane.asaf@comcast.net>; BARJNPWLL@aol.com
<BARJNPWLL@aol.com>; CaptFrankAdams@aol.com <CaptFrankAdams@aol.com>;
Armstrong, Eva <Eva.Armstrong@dep.state.fl.us>
CC: struting57@hughes.net <struting57@hughes.net>
Sent: Mon Jul 17 18:24:59 2006
Subject: RE: The 104-year-old company long ago owned the land -- among
2-million acres

Jack, 
 
Some time ago, (ten years at least) this issue came up.  We and the South
flroida Water management district bought out some mineral rights and
determined that some others could not be accessed and were therefore not of
value to the folks.  But it is wise to have our attorney's see where we are
today. Thank you for bring this to our attention.  
 
State Lands folks,  if you could give us an overview, it would be helpful to
determine what the next steps are. 
 
Collen Castille

  _____  

From: LJMoller@aol.com [mailto:LJMoller@aol.com] 
Sent: Friday, July 14, 2006 8:12 PM
To: Armstrong, Eva; Glisson, Mark; Castille, Colleen; bush@eog.state.fl.us;
Wildfed@aol.com; lane.asaf@comcast.net; BARJNPWLL@aol.com;
CaptFrankAdams@aol.com
Cc: struting57@hughes.net
Subject: Re: The 104-year-old company long ago owned the land -- among
2-million acres


Thanks, I am sure there is no issues but then one never knows on these older
land units. I have seen stranger things happen and presented to us in my
short time on ARC.  I am sure you know what I am talking about.
 
The AG may really need to look at this issue to protect the property owners
of FL.
 
Thanks
Jack
 
In a message dated 7/14/2006 5:28:00 PM Central Standard Time,
Eva.Armstrong@dep.state.fl.us writes:

Jack, I have asked the appropriate DSL staff to look in to this. 

We will have to pull some records that have been archived.  

A note:  BOT acquisitions have hstorically required that sellers clear up
these types of issues when they are known before closing.  It is the title
company' responsibility to flush out any and all encumbrances or potential
clouds to a title before they commit to provide the insurance policy on that
deed/clear title.  If we find there is a problem we will file a claim to
resolve the issue for the BOT..
Eva
--------------------------
Eva Armstrong
850-245-2555
sent from my Blackberry 


-----Original Message-----
From: LJMoller@aol.com <LJMoller@aol.com>
To: Glisson, Mark <Mark.Glisson@dep.state.fl.us>; Armstrong, Eva
<Eva.Armstrong@dep.state.fl.us>; Castille, Colleen
<Colleen.Castille@dep.state.fl.us>; bush@eog.state.fl.us
<bush@eog.state.fl.us>; Wildfed@aol.com <Wildfed@aol.com>;
lane.asaf@comcast.net <lane.asaf@comcast.net>; BARJNPWLL@aol.com
<BARJNPWLL@aol.com>; CaptFrankAdams@aol.com <CaptFrankAdams@aol.com>
CC: struting57@hughes.net <struting57@hughes.net>
Sent: Fri Jul 14 17:12:41 2006
Subject: Re: The 104-year-old company long ago owned the land -- among
2-million acres

Mark
I understand what you are saying but apparently there is some truth to this
issue, claim, if not then would not the attorney General (AG) of FL be after
this company for sending such letters to home owners in Wellington. Remember
Wellington is near JW Corbitt, J Dickinson State Park and Palmar.

I am not sure how they could do this because when you purchase land, house,
there is a title search and then title insurance.  It seems this issue would
show up under such and investigation. But then if it did not the same might
well happen when our folks did their due diligence.

Maybe someone of authority on this list should send the issue to the AG for
his review.

Jack 

In a message dated 7/14/2006 5:08:05 PM Central Standard Time,
Mark.Glisson@dep.state.fl.us writes:

Jack: I'm certainly no expert on this issue, and will yield to whomever on
the e-mail list knows better, but I think there are several parts to the
answer: First, your question assumes that the company sold out some time ago
and maintained the mineral rights on at least some of their lands.  Well, if
we discovered (And we almost certainly would) during our due diligence
preceding acquisition that they owned those rights and there existed a risk
that they could come and exercise those rights, we probably would not buy the
land. Second, if they did not also have a right of access to the minerals,
their ownership of the rights would probably be moot. And finally, we might
not worry about mineral rights if the experts (Geology, etc) tell us there
are no minerals to extract. I think we're safe.

Mark

  _____  

From: LJMoller@aol.com [mailto:LJMoller@aol.com] 
Sent: Friday, July 14, 2006 11:54 AM
To: Glisson, Mark; Armstrong, Eva; Castille, Colleen; bush@eog.state.fl.us;
Wildfed@aol.com; lane.asaf@comcast.net; BARJNPWLL@aol.com;
CaptFrankAdams@aol.com
Cc: struting57@hughes.net
Subject: The 104-year-old company long ago owned the land -- among 2-million
acres


Mark
If this company did own 2-million acres and the mineral rights do they still
own these rights under FL Conservation lands and BOT sovereign lands?  If so
what can be done to protect these properties?

Jack



<http://www.sun-sentinel.com/> http://www.sun-sentinel.com/
<http://www.sun-sentinel.com/images/standard/clear.gif>

  <http://www.sun-sentinel.com/images/standard/logo_red_line.gif>
<http://www.sun-sentinel.com/images/standard/clear.gif>
<http://www.sun-sentinel.com/images/standard/clear.gif>
<http://www.sun-sentinel.com/images/standard/clear.gif>
<http://www.sun-sentinel.com/images/standard/clear.gif>
<http://www.sun-sentinel.com/images/standard/clear.gif>     
  <http://www.sun-sentinel.com/images/standard/under_logo.gif>     
http://www.sun-sentinel.com/news/local/southflorida/sfl-pminerals14jul14,0,57
46890.story?coll=sfla-home-headlines 

Louisiana company claims mineral rights to 1,000 
properties in Palm Beach County 
  
By Marc Freeman
South Florida Sun-Sentinel

July 14, 2006


Wellington -- Ed Muller thought the form letter with its seemingly outrageous
claim looked like junk mail:

Could a Louisiana company really hold rights to dig up minerals beneath the
house he has owned here for 10 years? And would he have to pay at least
$1,000 to remove this sudden "cloud" over his Greenview Shores home's title?

"These guys came out of the woodwork," Muller, a commercial real estate
broker, said of the mailing from Southern States Land & Timber LLC. "It's
almost like an extortion attempt."

But a review of Palm Beach County court records verified the company's notice
as authentic and far-reaching: There are mineral rights claims affecting
1,000 properties, covering thousands of acres in Wellington and other areas
in the county.

On June 27, Southern States declared its interest in "oil, gas, and mineral
rights and deposits" on these lands, as well as the legal authority to "test
for, explore and conduct whatever extractive activities are necessary."

The company did not indicate when or whether that would take place. It only
wants homeowners to be aware of the possibility that the company could show
up to stake its claim.

"It's perhaps more intimidating or scary to the residents than it ought to
be," said Harry J. Smith, executive vice president and general manager of the
Franklin, La.-based business. He declined to reveal the company's plans, or
whether it intends to extract minerals.

"We feel there are valuable rights and the value will change over time," he
said. "We want to protect the asset, whatever it's worth."

Homeowners who want to avoid any chance of excavation may seek a company
waiver, Smith said.

The price is about one-third of 1 percent of the property's value, or $440
for a one-acre or smaller lot, whatever amount is greater. For a $500,000
home, the cost is $1,500.

Residents may opt to wait and obtain the waivers at the time they decide to
sell their properties, so there's a guaranteed clear title for real estate
deals, Smith said.

The 104-year-old company long ago owned the land -- among 2-million acres of
holdings in Florida -- but never relinquished mineral rights in some areas,
he said. Southern States reaffirms its interests every 30 years, as required
by Florida law.

Linda Culbertson, spokeswoman for the Palm Beach County Clerk of the Courts,
said Southern States' notices were properly filed according to state
statutes, Chapter 712, a section titled Marketable Record Titles To Real
Property.

Homeowners wondering whether they are at risk for similar mineral rights
claims can pay for a title search of their property. Such searches typically
are required for real estate transactions.

Southern States last filed its mineral rights notices in 1976, and will again
in 2036, Smith said, acknowledging that homeowners were caught off guard.
Along with Palm Beach County, notices were sent to owners of 2,000 properties
in Martin County.

Wellington resident Lew Blatte says the claim doesn't make any sense. He says
his Sugar Pond home of 14 years is surely not on top of an untapped oil
reserve or anything worthy of excavating.

"As far as I'm concerned there's nothing under anything out here except sand
and water," said Blatte, publisher of Wellington The Magazine.

But other homeowners are scurrying to figure out their legal options,
wondering whether drilling is imminent and whether they should pay for a
waiver from the company.

Muller says his attorney discovered that Southern States granted a release of
its mineral rights claim to his property in 1978, so it shouldn't be an issue
for him today. He's seeking to have the notice removed from his property
records, so it doesn't interfere with his ability to refinance his mortgage.

Smith says he expects challenges, noting that in some cases, "it could be our
records are wrong."

Title searches conducted before real estate closings should reveal whether
anyone has mineral or other rights to a property, said Larry E. Bray, a real
estate attorney in Palm Springs. In most cases, a release of those interests
is attached to the title and it doesn't become an issue.

Also, homeowners usually purchase title insurance to protect them against all
future claims.

"I don't think most [owners] have a worry," Bray said.

If title companies failed to uncover Southern States' mineral rights, people
may have purchased their homes without ever knowing about it, Smith said.

To Cathie Blatte, who along with her husband Lew plans to stay in their home,
it sounds questionable.

"It's totally ridiculous to hold this over us," she said. "It's like, `Come
up with some money or you'll have a hard time when you try to sell.'"

Marc Freeman can be reached at mjfreeman@sun-sentinel.com or 561-243-6642.


Copyright (c) 2006, South Florida Sun-Sentinel <http://www.sun-sentinel.com/>


<http://tste.sun-sentinel.com/tte/blank.gif?0.49038495612712385&v=3.1.0.26azz
z&r=http%3A//www.sun-sentinel.com/news/local/southflorida/sfl-pminerals14jul1
4%2C0%2C5746890.story%3Fcoll%3Dsfla-home-headlines&p=LCN:&page=http%3A//www.s
un-sentinel.com/news/local/southflorida/sfl-pminerals14jul14%2C0%2C6978376%2C
print.story%3Fcoll%3Dsfla-home-headlines&tz=240&s=12201&c_TID=12q7ovr11mffil&
c_TID=12q7ovr11mffil&c_rcid=null>  


From:	joseph_iannace@HOTMAIL.COM
Sent:	Monday, July 17, 2006 9:51 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	[*] mqrriage protection act

Joseph Iannace
4840 SW 47th Ln
Davie, FL 33314-4649

7/17/2006

Dear Governor Bush:

It is easy to remember that GO Dcreated adam and eve,not adam and steve.So as you can see it is not only a sin but aaonimation to our GOD who is a Holy and just GOD.GOD does no change accoding to what we beleive mow and not believe later.Thank you and GOD bless.                                                                                   
      Joseph and Buena Iannace


Sincerely,

Joseph Iannace


From:	michelle biondolillo <poetrymaster6@hotmail.com>
Sent:	Monday, July 17, 2006 9:48 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	stop cutting  medicare beneifits

me and my husband can just barlely paing our bills.
or able to pay co payments,
or see dcts we need,im totally disabled and
practillybed ridden my husband works but a few hours during
the weekend and weve been cut off ssi and
medicaid ,since ssi wouldnt accept the way
my mom did my special needs trust.
i need to be operated on my neck and back
but due to the insuarence it cant be done.

poetrymaster6@hotmail.com
From:	ratech <ratech@bigpond.com>
Sent:	Monday, July 17, 2006 9:45 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	[*] Psychiatric Sydney - AKA The code of the slob

Psychiatric Sydney
( AKA The code of the slob)
 
  _____  


Traditionally, ignoring their social responsibility has been the domain of the alcohol producers, but recently in Sydney that tendency to be socially irresponsible, has extended to main other business concerns, who have extreme consequences in terms of the health of others.
 
There have been many instances as I have delineated in previous emails.
 
In combination with this tendency however is the increasing emphasis on using psychiatry to accentuate the thought that if you can't cope in Sydney, or in Australia, you must drug yourself, so that you can cope, rather than the wider society, taking note of the problem, and taking steps to remedy the situation.
 
For instance:
 
1)  Alcohol and tobacco are still unregulated in Australia - the companies, need to come under the same laws as any other form of business.
 
2)  Increasing public funding to psychiatric hosptials, and police to stop people walking around, and so release their frustrations, is simply an approach which will see Sydney become sick and deranged, because they will eventually believe that it is inevitable that noone in society cares, and possibly then take their own actions.
 
This has been quite obvious from the crimes committed in Sydney and Australia recently, where business concerns, in my opinion, put extreme social pressure on the surrounding population, leading to killings, maimings, bashings, and social exclusion from work opportunties, based on the theory that activities such as walking around, for exercise, can be redirected into being used for increasing taxi cab fare rates, ie making people catch a taxi cab, using golf courses, at cost to avoid meeting dangerous dogs on bushtracks, feeling insecure enough and lonely enough to buy a mobile phone etc etc.
 
At the time of Janelle Patton' death, there was to be a large mobile phone system installed on Norfolk Island, and which, would put enormous stress on an already stressed economy.
This means, that the locals, would have panicked (not saying they are right in doing so), causing a social pressure, which could have, if not did, lead to killing Janelle Patton.
 
Same with Lauren Huxley, same with Molly wood and Sophie being run down by a car.  
 
So the issue is, is a $585 million dollar psychiatric hospital at Cumberland Hospital, near Northmead, where Laurne Huxley was hurt, going to solve the problem?
 
Well, it indicates to me, that if people walking are going to be persecuted, by people who wish to make a public statement about how bad things are going for them, then it is time, to be aware, that the government, police, and local businesses are doing nothing about the problem, nor are they willing to admit that their ignoring the needs of the general public, so as to keep their own jobs safe, is causing much hurt in the community.
 
There is a need therefore, to be cold blooded about the approach to remedy the society, by calling a spade a spade.
 
There is a need to access wider community opinion, other than that of government only, to evaluate just what the problems around Australia are, in terms of island economies, or simply, shut down Australia as a bad risk, until further notice.
 
It is easy to give Australia a bad reputation, just by stating what actually happened.  Do Australians have enough raw courage left, to admit, when things are going wrong, and do something about it.
 
Government in Australia, in my opinion, is not smart enough to cope with the complexity of the situation.  That is why parliament stopped recently, that is why they can't find it in themselves to ask more intelligent people for help and advice.  That is why they have people like Costello and Abott in positions of power, because they are very beligerent, difficult individuals, who will keep the fort, and not allow anyone else in.
 
Well what does Australia want to do about the problem?  Are you willing to sit down and discuss the issues,  or do you want to see more girls and children being hurt, when adults, who have a monopoly on the money, and who are even not poor, say a word in defence of themselves instead of having an happy social and community approach which will help many more people to find work, simply through cooperation, and not being too greedy.
 
Regards from the public
From:	Ambassador Leo E Wanta <somam@prodigy.net>
Sent:	Monday, July 17, 2006 9:45 PM
To:	president@whitehouse.gov; Attorney General Alberto Gonzales; Governor Jeb Bush; Mr Dick Cheney; The Honorable Dick Cheney
Cc:	Officer in Charge; Chairman Marc Racicot; Messr David Rexrode RNC Directeur; Executive Directeur Mark L. Stephens; Team Leader; Mark Stephens NRSC Executive Directeur; Ken Mehlman; President/CEO Bobby Eberle; Martin Gillespie; Martin Gillespie; Diplomate Kiesling; Alex Vogel_Barry Banker_Steve Smith; First Lady Laura Bush; Mrs Lynne Cheney
Subject:	AmeriTrust Recovery and"set-aside" tax allocation in favour of USGovn _ 15July2006
Attachments:	pat1598394230

Thank you and your staff for their kind assistance to recover said corporate/repatriation funds with full disclosure to the United States Department of the Treasury, et al 
 
 
From:	Ambassador Leo E Wanta <somam@prodigy.net>
Sent:	Monday, July 17, 2006 9:47 PM
To:	president@whitehouse.gov; Attorney General Alberto Gonzales; Governor Jeb Bush; Mr Dick Cheney; The Honorable Dick Cheney
Cc:	Officer in Charge; Chairman Marc Racicot; Messr David Rexrode RNC Directeur; Executive Directeur Mark L. Stephens; Team Leader; Mark Stephens NRSC Executive Directeur; Ken Mehlman; President/CEO Bobby Eberle; Martin Gillespie; Martin Gillespie; Diplomate Kiesling; Alex Vogel_Barry Banker_Steve Smith; First Lady Laura Bush; Mrs Lynne Cheney
Subject:	Lawful Recovery of Repatriation Funds captured by FedRes without lawful authority >>>
Attachments:	pat37503715

Suddenly, it became very apparent that the FedResSystem decided to  simply           " capture/freeze " said lawful Corporate Offshore Funds so they are not immediately available to AmeriTrust Groupe, Inc _ and _ The United States Department of the Treasury - Office of the Secretary.
 
AmeriTrust Groupe, Inc. Board of Directors has never authorized - nor considered - that the recovered monetary funds would be unlawfully misplaced within the FedRes - until someone sees fit to release the corporate recovery funds directly to AmeriTrust Groupe, Inc. banking coordinates, as agreed upon previously with the White House - Office of the Presidency.
 
Question : 
 
    Who really is in charge of Our Great Nation and Our National Economy ?
From:	LJMoller@aol.com
Sent:	Monday, July 17, 2006 9:42 PM
To:	Castille, Colleen; Eva.Armstrong@dep.state.fl.us; Mark.Glisson@dep.state.fl.us; Governor Jeb Bush; Wildfed@aol.com; lane.asaf@comcast.net; BARJNPWLL@aol.com; CaptFrankAdams@aol.com
Cc:	struting57@hughes.net
Subject:	Re: The 104-year-old company long ago owned the land -- among 2-million acres

Colleen
Thanks, I also ask the Superintendent of the BICY to look into the matter. She is doing so, also.
 
Jack
 
In a message dated 7/17/2006 6:25:34 PM Central Standard Time, Colleen.Castille@dep.state.fl.us writes:

Jack, 
 
Some time ago, (ten years at least) this issue came up.  We and the South flroida Water management district bought out some mineral rights and determined that some others could not be accessed and were therefore not of value to the folks.  But it is wise to have our attorney's see where we are today. Thank you for bring this to our attention.  
 
State Lands folks,  if you could give us an overview, it would be helpful to determine what the next steps are. 
 
Collen Castille

From:	Devitt Harrison <dharrison@stjohnsriverescape.com>
Sent:	Monday, July 17, 2006 9:23 PM
To:	'Olson, Steve'
Cc:	'Coto, Cindy'; 'Orth, James C'; 'Lewis, Marsha N.'; 'Trudy'; 'Bill Belleville'; 'Missynlas'; LegalSandy@aol.com; lroberts@orlandosentinel.com; 'Don Browning'; captainron@aol.com; FBruno@co.volusia.fl.us; 'Florida Hometown Democracy'; Governor Jeb Bush; 'Kelli McGee'; lovebergs@comcast.net; mgreeson@co.volusia.fl.us; 'Richard A. Markle'; 'Pat Northey'; sospeoplesrights@earthlink.net; tara.alford@fwc.state.fl.us; wkvandam@aol.com
Subject:	RE: Response to your airboat inquiry on web site

Thank you for your response.  I understand your opinion for I too once shared your sentiment (being a FL native) until I actually moved out on the St. Johns River and began witnessing first hand the destruction to our environment caused by airboats.  I used to think they were “cool” because they didn’t have props but now realize I was very naïve.  Comparing their footprint to that of a canoe is preposterous for their footprint is far greater than any other vessel on the water and their activities of poaching through scarce natural resources is devastating.  The db range they hit is not only damaging to the human ear, but seriously diminishes the enjoyment of the river for anyone else not wearing the hearing protection they do.

 

The use of exhaust pipes has just now been formalized in SB1958 and HB733 but enforcement is very difficult if not impossible for law enforcement lacks the tools necessary to measure the db’s and the muffler law is vague.  Please note that numerous counties have evolved legislation to protect their scarce natural resources and protect their citizens from hearing loss from inadvertent exposure.  You mentioned that they are legal to be on the waterways but I challenge you to look up our Florida Constitution on the issues of noise exposure and you will find that they do not qualify.  

 

The sad thing is there is nothing “Natural Choice” about airboats and on the contrary they are the means to an end of any natural beauty and the end of the Seminole slogan.  Many airboat operators are environmentally conscience and considerate citizens.  But like anything else, there are renegade elements that will ruin it for everyone.  I am hopeful that enforcement and laws that aren’t manipulated by the airboat lobbyists will be created that truly reflect the desire of the majority and good of all.  As far as history is concerned, the act of slavery was a part of our history as well but we don’t say that just because it was in our history that something barbaric like that should continue.  When I am on the river in my canoe or well muffled motorized vessel, I and other boaters are enslaved to the tremendous deafening sound which impedes our enjoyment of our hobby which also has a history.

 

All the environmental issues aside, I thought it really would have been a decent gesture to remove the airboat from the Seminole County website www.seminolecountyfl.gov  under the circumstances of the recent tragedy and their family.  Are you familiar with the Florida Atlantic University study?  

 

I again appreciate your response and copying County Manager Coto who I have already met with on the issue as well as law enforcement who I have already met with.  I am going to cc your response to the victims, the press, and the St. Johns River Keeper and Sierra Club so that they know your stance on the matter.  I am hopeful that you will reconsider your promotion of airboat activities in what is left of Seminole County natural resources for the safety, enjoyment, and preservation of all.  Especially out of respect for the parents who are bereaved!

 

Sincerely,

 

Devitt Harrison

 

  _____  

From: Olson, Steve [mailto:SOlson@seminolecountyfl.gov] 
Sent: Monday, July 17, 2006 5:56 PM
To: dharrison@stjohnsriverescape.com
Subject: Response to your airboat inquiry on web site

 

Dear Mr. Harrison, 
I am responding to your request(s). You are asking us to remove the airboat picture from our web site. 
First of all, let me say I agree with you that airboats can be noisy. If operators are not careful, the craft can be damaging to the environment and dangerous. The recent incident involving the little boy was unfortunate and tragic for all involved. 

However, airboats are legal to operate on our waterways, such as the St. Johns River. They are regulated by state laws and local ordinances, which are enforced by State Officers as well as Seminole and Volusia County Sheriffs' Offices. 

True, they do leave a larger environmental foot print than, let's say, a canoe. But, it could also be argued that any use of the river by humans, whether by airboat, canoe, or row boat has some impact. 

Thus, I am not going to recommend the removal of the airboat from our web site. Whether one agrees, or disagrees, it is part of the Florida outdoors and enjoys a history locally, statewide and throughout the South. The picture has as much standing on our web site as the canoe photo. 

I have cc'd this response to your question to our County Manager and to the two Deputy County Managers, as well as the acting Information Technologies Director 

I have also passed along your concerns to Lt. Brent Davison of the Seminole County Sheriff's Range and Water Unit. He says he has spoken with you about your concerns on prior occasions and is aware of the issues you have brought up. 

Thank you for your time and for your interest. 

Steve Olson 
Seminole County Government 
Community Information Department Director 
solson@seminolecountyfl.gov 

 

From: dharrison@stjohnsriverescape.com [mailto:dharrison@stjohnsriverescape.com]
Sent: Thursday, July 13, 2006 1:09 PM
To: Endicott, Helen
Subject: A Question from the website

SEMINOLE COUNTY
Question from the website
       
What question, comment/suggestion, technical problem, or other item do you have with this site?
I previously requested that you consider taking the airboat picture off your site. Airboats are the most destructive machine on our waterways emitting dangerous decibel ranges and disturbing endangered wildlife as they cut paths through conservation areas. Now, I also request that the picture be removed out of respect to the family of the 7 year old who was brutally run over by an airboat. Thank you for your consideration.     
How can we contact you?
Name: Devitt Harrison  
Email: dharrison@stjohnsriverescape.com
Phone: 


-****Florida has a very broad Public Records Law. Virtually all written communications to or from State and Local Officials and employees are public records available to the public and media upon request. Seminole County policy does not differentiate between personal and business emails. E-mail sent on the County system will be considered public and will only be withheld from disclosure if deemed confidential pursuant to State Law.****-

 

 

-****Florida has a very broad Public Records Law. Virtually all written communications to or from State and Local Officials and employees are public records available to the public and media upon request. Seminole County policy does not differentiate between personal and business emails. E-mail sent on the County system will be considered public and will only be withheld from disclosure if deemed confidential pursuant to State Law.****-

 

-****Florida has a very broad Public Records Law. Virtually all written communications to or from State and Local Officials and employees are public records available to the public and media upon request. Seminole County policy does not differentiate between personal and business emails. E-mail sent on the County system will be considered public and will only be withheld from disclosure if deemed confidential pursuant to State Law.****-

From:	Diane Bell <hemisyncmb@earthlink.net>
Sent:	Monday, July 17, 2006 9:05 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	My Notary

Dear Governor Bush, I applied for  Notary, Thank you from the bottom of my heart, I had a felony which I sent in an explanation for, it is almost 20 years old. I applied  with much fear,  just knowing that I would not get it, it took 4 months (an agonizing time or me) But your office was kind enough to give me the benefit of the doubt and there is nothing more than "Thank You" that I can say except for "You Rock", Great Job Mr. Bush and Thank You for being fair, I will prove you and your successors proud!
 
 
Cordially,
 
 
Diane Bell
hemisyncmb@earthlink.net
EarthLink Revolves Around You.
 

From:	sara courte <saracourte@earthlink.net>
Sent:	Wednesday, January 7, 1970 2:22 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	off-shore drilling

I am deeply disappointed in news reports that you are now supporting 
off-shore drilling in the Gulf of Mexico.

From:	Peggy Brodeur <peggybrodeur@yahoo.com>
Sent:	Monday, July 17, 2006 8:45 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Re: Governor Jeb Bush's IN THE NEWS... Friday, July 14, 2006

Dear Gov. Bush:  Very concerned about Herald article
saying National Guard has less than 37% capacity of
trucks,etc. for Disaster Relief because of sending
supplies to Iraq.  Think you should check out Disaster
readiness statewide and if new communications have
been establshed and see how accurate that articke in
July 17th Herald was.  Also am meeting with Homestead
Housing Authority and farnworkers tomorrow in
Homestead to ask for leniency on rent approval of $100
per month starting August.  Your aide suggesting I
call Sen. Martinez was a joke.  His office is not
working properly.  Requires you to go online and
download a form to sign a release of responsibility.
Then you have to request a case number and form and
download that.  I don't know how anybody who is not
computer literate can work with his office.  Peggy
Brodeur, Community Council 12

--- Jeb Bush <jeb.bush@myflorida.com> wrote:

> For those E-Newsletter recipients who have Adobe
> Acrobat reader, Governor
> Bush's e-newsletter is available in .PDF format by
> clicking here:
> 
> http://www.flgov.com/in_the_news
> 
> The text version of the e-newsletter is below.
> 
> 
> INAUGURAL MEETING OF SPACE FLORIDA BOARD OF
> DIRECTORS HELD IN TALLHASSEE
> 
> On Monday, I chaired the inaugural meeting of the
> Space Florida Board of
> Directors.  Established by House Bill 1489, Space
> Florida houses the state's
> existing space and aerospace entities and will
> coordinate all space-related
> issues in Florida.  The Space Florida board will
> provide leadership and
> advocacy and actively work to strengthen the state's
> position in the civil
> and military aerospace sectors. Space Florida was
> among the recommendations
> put forth by the Governor's Commission on Space and
> Aeronautics. Growing
> Florida's economy through the space and aerospace
> industries is critical to
> the state's long-term prosperity. Space Florida will
> lead our state's
> efforts to continue attracting aerospace businesses
> that create quality,
> high paying jobs for Floridians.
> 
> 
> ORLANDO HOSTS FIFTH ANNUAL JUST READ, FLORIDA!
> LEADERSHIP CONFERENCE
> 
> On Monday, I joined more than 3,500 superintendents,
> principals, reading
> coaches and district staff for the fifth annual Just
> Read, Florida!
> Leadership Conference.   During the three-day
> conference, state and national
> leaders, reading experts and guests share reading
> education strategies and
> best practices. Governor Bush was also joined today
> by Florida State Board
> of Education Chairman Philip Handy, Just Read,
> Florida! Director Evan
> Lefsky, Ph.D. and renowned author and screenwriter
> Antwone Fisher, who
> shared the importance of literacy and his personal
> struggle learning to
> read. Florida's commitment to high-quality
> instruction and accountability is
> changing the statewide landscape, not only in our
> schools, but in our
> communities. I am proud that Florida leads the
> nation in rising student
> achievement and with each year our students are
> continuing to close the
> achievement gap. When education leaders, teachers
> and parents work together
> to ensure the success of our students, we contribute
> to the overall strength
> and success of our state.
>       
> 
> FLORIDA REPORTS LOWEST CRIME RATE IN 35 YEARS
> 
> On Tuesday, Florida Department of Law Enforcement
> Commissioner Jerry Bailey
> and I released the state's 2005 Annual Uniform Crime
> Report and announced
> Florida's index crime rate has reached a 35-year
> low.  The index crime rate
> dropped by 3.7 percent in 2005, compared to 2004. I
> applaud the hard work of
> Florida's law enforcement officers who put their
> lives on the line each day
> to protect the residents of our state, and this
> report highlights the
> results of their efforts.  This report shows that
> staying tough on crime
> works.
> 
> 
> STATEWIDE LAW ENFORCEMENT RADIO SYSTEM FULLY
> IMPLEMENTED
> 
> On Friday, I announced the full implementation the
> Statewide Law Enforcement
> Radio System (SLERS).  SLERS gives more than 6,500
> law enforcement officers
> the ability to communicate with their peers
> throughout the state using a
> central radio system.  With this new system,
> officers from various state
> agencies are able to effectively communicate with
> one another on one system.
> By providing a single system, Florida is able to
> provide law enforcement
> officers responding to an emergency with a more
> efficient means of
> communications and the ability to talk to one
> another in real time.
> 
> 
> POINTS OF LIGHT AWARD PRESENTED TO THE DASIE
> BRIDGEWATER HOPE CENTER
> 
> Congratulations!
> 
> To read more about this week's winner, please click
> here: 
> http://www.flgov.com/release/7989
> 
> 
> GOVERNOR BUSH'S 2006 LEGISLATIVE INITIATIVES
> 
> Please visit www.govfloridaforum.com.
>        
>
____________________________________________________________________
> Volume 8, Issue 28
> Copyright(c) 2006 State of Florida
>  
> If you would like to change your subscription or
> unsubscribe, please go to:
> http://www.myflorida.com/myflorida/subscribe.html
> 
> 
> Thank you.
> 
> 
> 
> 



 Peggy B.
From:	nasaman9000 <nasaman9000@cox.net>
Sent:	Monday, July 17, 2006 8:37 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Please Take Time To Read. Urgent!!
Attachments:	TOP SECRET.pdf

I know you are a busy man, so I will get right to the point. I have enclosed a document that you should find very interesting.
This document is located in the file attatchment, labeled TOP SECRET.pdf. Please read the entire document before you pass judgement on it's authenticity. This is not a joke or hoax. I am not looking for plublicity. All I am asking for is $150,000.
 
I have nothing to hide, that is why I have enclosed my name, address and telephone number, as well as my email address if you have any questions. Should you choose to accept my offer, a check sent through the mail at my address would be sufficient.
 
With all due respect sir, if you choose not to comply with my offer by Jul.21, 2006 then I will assume that you are not interested, and I will be going public with the information contained in this document. You know as well as I know that this should not get out.
It does not matter how I came in possession with this information, all that matters is keeping this secret a secret. Thank you for your time.
 
Sincerely,
Jacob Childress
1816 Magnolia Drive 
Fort Smith, Arkansas 72908
nasaman9000@cox.net 
From:	blmandgrm93@netzero.net
Sent:	Monday, July 17, 2006 8:09 PM
To:	Culpepper.Samuel@mail.dc.state.fl.us
Cc:	blmandgrm93@netzero.net; Whitehurst.Wendel@mail.dc.state.fl.us; yaw.tim@mail.dc.state.fl.us; kemp.doyle@mail.dc.state.fl.us; stephens.douglas@mail.dc.state.fl.us; co.pubaff@mail.dc.state.fl.us; Governor Jeb Bush; publicaffairs@mail.dc.state.fl.us; AbdulWasi.Gerald@mail.dc.state.fl.us
Subject:	Re: FW: George R. Mendoza #099172 - Investigation

	Mr. Culpepper, 

I just want to make sure that I understand correctly, my husband was kept in A/C confinement for investigation for 45 days and, according to your prior email, was transferred because he was an internal security threat, but there are no notes regarding this investigation?

Thank you
Brenda Mendoza

********************************************************************************************************

I noted in the last message there was no investigation of a formal nature so there’s nothing to share or copy. The OIC placed the inmate in Confinement based on the information he had available to him. I was not here and speak second hand. This is all I am able to tell you.

 

Sam Culpepper, Warden

ACI

S/C 789-0497

850-718-0497

 

  _____  

From: Mamoran, Sandra 
Sent: Monday, July 17, 2006 9:53 AM
To: Culpepper, Samuel M.
Cc: Whitehurst, Wendel
Subject: FW: George R. Mendoza #099172 - Investigation

 

Mr. Culpepper,

 

Please provide a copy of your response to Director Whitehurst.

 

Sandi Mamoran, Executive Secretary

 

Sent on behalf of Wendel Whitehurst

Director

Region I – Institutions 

  _____  

From: [mailto:blmandgrm93@netzero.net] 
Sent: Wednesday, July 12, 2006 9:23 PM
To: Culpepper, Samuel M.
Cc: blmandgrm93@netzero.net; Mamoran, Sandra
Subject: RE: George R. Mendoza #099172 - Investigation

 

 

In response to the below email from Sam Culpepper, I would like to know the cost of obtaining a copy of the internal investigation.  And would like to know what the “common knowledge” was that warranted his transfer. 

Sincerely,

Brenda Mendoza

386-754-8538 work 

 

 

As you know I arrived here on June 12. This Inmate was transferred on June 22. The investigation he was under was internal and not from the IG. There are no formal documents associated with an internal investigation and since I don’t see any reference of a disciplinary report I can only assume that there was not sufficient evidence to warrant a DR. However there was enough common knowledge of his activities to have inmate Mendoza transferred due to him being an internal security threat.  

 

Sam Culpepper, Warden

ACI

S/C 789-0497

850-718-0497

 

  _____  

From: Mamoran, Sandra 
Sent: Tuesday, July 11, 2006 8:42 AM
To: Culpepper, Samuel M.
Cc: Mitchell, Rebecca; Whitehurst, Wendel
Subject: FW: George R. Mendoza #099172 - Investigation
Importance: High

 

 

Please review and respond to the below-noted email by COB, Thursday, 07/13/06; ensure you copy Region I Office with your response.

 

Thank you in advance for your prompt assistance regarding this issue.

 

Sandi Mamoran, Executive Secretary

 

Sent on behalf of Wendel Whitehurst

Director

Region I – Institutions 

  _____  

From: [mailto:blmandgrm93@netzero.net] 
Sent: Monday, July 10, 2006 8:28 AM
To: Apalachee CI-WardenOff
Cc: Stephens, Douglas; Abdul-Wasi, Gerald; Yaw, Tim; Whitehurst, Wendel; CO-PublicAffairs; Comerford, Richard; Sapp, George
Subject: Re: George R. Mendoza #099172 - Investigation

 

Mr. Douglas,

I sent the below original email on Monday, June 12.  To date I have received no response from the warden or investigation agent, Mr. Yaw as to acknowledgment of my email.  My husband has been in confinement, pending investigation since May 11, 2006.  As soon as the investigation is completed; which shouldn't be too much longer, even with a 30 day extent ion, I am requesting to me notified of the cost of a copy of said investigation, per the Florida Sunshine Act.

Sincerely,
Brenda Mendoza

 Since my husband has been transferred, I am assuming that the investigation is now complete.  Please send me the cost involved to receive a FULL copy of this said investigation, pursuant to the Florida Sunshine Act.

Sincerely,
Brenda Mendoza 

******Orginial Message*******

Dear Sirs;

I would like to request that as soon as this investigation is completed that I am given the information, regarding cost etc. so that I may obtain a copy of said investigation, pursuant to the Florida Sunshine Act regarding public information.

As of today, June 12th, it has been 21 working days that my husband has been in Administrative Confinement.  I have requested on multiple occasions to please obtain what exactly he is being investigated for.  I realize that no specific detail can be given on an ongoing investigation, but I would like to know the charges, in case I needed to obtain a lawyer. As of today, this information has not been forthcoming.  

Sincerely,
Brenda Mendoza 

From:	evags@earthlink.net
Sent:	Monday, July 17, 2006 7:57 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Read NAMI's report on the state of our health care for serious mental illness

 
Eva Gasser-Sanz, Esq.	
15039 Sterling Oaks Dr.	
	
Naples, FL, 34110	
 	
July 17, 2006	
 	
Hon. John Ellis Bush	
206 THE CAPITOL	
Tallahassee, FL 32399-0001	
Fax: (850) 487-0801	
 	
Dear Governor John Ellis Bush:	
 	
On March 1, NAMI released "Grading the States: A Report on America's Health Care System for Serious Mental Illness." The report includes specific information on our state and I believe you will find the report helpful as you and your colleagues consider legislation and policy that impacts our state mental health system. A copy of the report is available online at: www.nami.org/grades. As you review this report, there are some key points that I hope you keep in mind. -- No state received an "A". We have significant room for improvement. We would not tolerate any grade but an "A" for cancer or cardiac care. Therefore, we cannot accept any other grade for our mental healthcare system either. -- A quality system must include a recovery focus and emphasis on consumer and family involvement. -- The grades represent a system-wide grade, not just a grade on our mental health agency. Treatment of mental illness requires a broad- based solution that reaches beyond agency boundaries. -- Please pay close attention to the urgent needs section of our state narrative. These are priority concerns and should be addressed quickly. Each state, including ours, is also credited for innovations. These are important and provide templates for improving our system of care. Medicaid now accounts for a majority of publicly- funded mental health services. Changes to our state Medicaid program can have negative consequences on people living with mental illness. As a constituent, I am counting on you to give serious attention to this report. The findings cannot be taken lightly. When quality treatment is available, people recover. When the system fails, lives are lost. Our state must do better and I am asking you to take leadership in helping meet the challenges outlined in this report.	
 	
Sincerely,	
 	
Eva Gasser-Sanz, Esq.	
 	
From:	Henry Tenenbaum, Ph.D. <drdad7@comcast.net>
Sent:	Monday, July 17, 2006 7:54 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Israel

Please vote to support Pres. Bush and Israel. I am in support of the  
US helping the Lebanese Gov't to rid of the Hezbollah. I am also in  
support of sending troops to help Israel and to deter Iran from  
developing nuclear capabilities.
From:	sendToAFriend@tampatribune.com
Sent:	Monday, July 17, 2006 7:41 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Macklin Takes Immigrant Issue OnThe Road

Greetings

Rwilkins270@aol.com wants you to know about a story at highlands.tbo.com

Message:
Avon Park Fl City Ordances Immigration

Headline:
Macklin Takes Immigrant Issue OnThe Road

URL: http://highlands.tbo.com/news/MGBG7XJUIPE.html

Why not check out our other great articles at http://highlands.tbo.com

----------------------------------------------------------------
DISCLAIMER: While all rights to the article contained in this
E-mail message are held by Media General Operations, Inc., Media
General Operations, Inc. is not the sender of this E-mail
message. Media General Operations, Inc. does not confirm the
E-mail address of the sender of this E-mail message. For your
information, the sender's IP Address is: 64.12.116.138.
From:	JTodd17709@aol.com
Sent:	Monday, July 17, 2006 7:37 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	lebanon

We should go over and help Israel defeat Hezbolla and get rid of the Iranian problem at the same time take all the Iranian missile away from  Hezbolla and show the world where they came from,,,,,,,,,,,,,Iran and Syria          we should be there helping our allies and expose all the terrorist and defeat them all..... stop pussy footin around and get serious about winning
maybe take lessons from Israel..............WE SHOULD BE THER BESIDE THEM WHILE HAVE THE OPPORTUNITY ....BY HELPING LEBANON GET THERE COUNTRY BACK AND RIDDING THE WORLD OF THE LIKES OF HEZBOLLA,,,,,HAMMAS AND THE MULLAS..........LETS STAND FOR SOMETHING AND FIGHT FOR FREE PEOPLE
 
BUT WAKE AND GET TOUGH
From:	SHADOWSIS@aol.com
Sent:	Monday, July 17, 2006 7:35 PM
To:	Jack_Moss@dcf.state.fl.us; david@deafwhale.com; Governor Jeb Bush; datelineconsumer@hotmail.com; dateline@nbc.com
Subject:	Re: Your Grandmother

Dear Mr Moss, 
 
Are you the same Mr. Moss that has corresponded with my Uncle, Dave Williams, Montie Sells' eldest son.  I believe you are, and if that is the case, I certainly understand how you have decided to respond with this rediculous email.  
 
I will continue to send letters to Governor Bushs' office and furthermore I will send one to President Bush.  
 
Your decision to keep my Grandmother HOSTAGE in the state of Florida is a mistake.  A huge mistake. If for one second Jean Costa or YOU were seriously and sincerely thinking of my Grandmother, Montie Sells, an 89 year old woman, you would know it is in her best interest to be transferred to Lexington of Lombard immediately so she could live out what time she has near me, her loving Granddaughter.   Anything short of that is just plain cruel and inhuman.  Based on every action taken by Jean Costa, You, DCF .. every last one of you has NOT taken Montie Sells into consideration.  Shame on you!  Have you taken the time to ask my Gramma is she loves me and wants to be near me, I think not. Nor has Jean Costa.  If you did, she would clearly tell you who I am, that she loves me and wants to be near me.  Instead you think it appropriate to take LEGAL action against a 90 year old woman and have her locked up in the state of Florida away from ANY family.  How in the heck do you sleep at night?  
 
I want my Grandmother released immediately.  Also, how ethical is it for you and Jean Costa to lie to the families -- Jean Costa and all the extras involved in this nightmare clearly told me I would have serious problems should I come get my grandmother, when all along every last one of you knew that was FALSE.  It was a bold faced lie to hide what you are up to. 
 
Again, RELEASE MY GRANDMOTHER!!!!!  As a courtesy I would even ask that you deliver her personal to Lexington of Lombard and that you do it with a smile on your face and a sincere apololgy to a woman turning 90 in 5 days.  My Grandmother, MONTIE SELLS deserves better and you OWE it to her. 
 
Suzanne Bly
 
 
 





Dear Mrs. Bly:

Thank you for your July 7 email to Governor Bush regarding your
grandmother, Mrs. Montie Sells.  Governor Bush asked me to respond to you
on his behalf.

Mr. Emilio J. Maicas, Program Director for Adult Services, informed me that
the investigation into this matter by the department has been closed.  The
case is presently within the court system.  Mr. Maicas also informed me
that Ms. Jean Costa, Senior Attorney, has been in contact with you and
advised you of the current legal process, future hearings and the legal
steps and actions that are needed.

If you have any further questions, please contact Ms. Jean Costa, Senior
Attorney, at 954-467-4551.

Once again, thank you for sharing your concerns.

Sincerely,



Jack L. Moss
District Administrator
Florida Department of Children & Families
Broward County - District 10
Phone:  (954) 762-3801/SC 453-3801

DCF Mission
*  Protect the Vulnerable
*  Promote Strong and Economically Self-Sufficient Families
*  Advance Personal and Family Recovery and Resiliency


CONFIDENTIALITY NOTICE:  This message and any attachments are for the sole
use of the intended recipient(s) and may contain confidential and
privileged information that is exempt from public disclosure.  Any
unauthorized review, use, disclosure, or distribution is prohibited.  If
you have received this message in error please contact the sender (by phone
or reply electronic mail) and then destroy all copies of the original
message.



 
From:	sendToAFriend@tampatribune.com
Sent:	Monday, July 17, 2006 7:33 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Poll: Council Favors Immigration Relief Act

Greetings

Rwilkins270@aol.com wants you to know about a story at highlands.tbo.com

Message:
Avon Park Illegal Immigration Ordances 

Headline:
Poll: Council Favors Immigration Relief Act

URL: http://highlands.tbo.com/news/MGB84O2QLPE.html

Why not check out our other great articles at http://highlands.tbo.com

----------------------------------------------------------------
DISCLAIMER: While all rights to the article contained in this
E-mail message are held by Media General Operations, Inc., Media
General Operations, Inc. is not the sender of this E-mail
message. Media General Operations, Inc. does not confirm the
E-mail address of the sender of this E-mail message. For your
information, the sender's IP Address is: 64.12.116.72.
From:	sendToAFriend@tampatribune.com
Sent:	Monday, July 17, 2006 7:31 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Avon Park Meltdown

Greetings

Rwilkins270@aol.com wants you to know about a story at highlands.tbo.com

Message:
Avon Park City  Illegal Immigrant Problem

Headline:
Avon Park Meltdown

URL: http://highlands.tbo.com/news/MGBSWWH4NPE.html

Why not check out our other great articles at http://highlands.tbo.com

----------------------------------------------------------------
DISCLAIMER: While all rights to the article contained in this
E-mail message are held by Media General Operations, Inc., Media
General Operations, Inc. is not the sender of this E-mail
message. Media General Operations, Inc. does not confirm the
E-mail address of the sender of this E-mail message. For your
information, the sender's IP Address is: 64.12.116.204.
From:	Luella Duncan <luelladuncan@msn.com>
Sent:	Monday, July 17, 2006 7:25 PM
To:	Speaker Allan G. Bense
Cc:	Governor Jeb Bush; lee.tom.web@flsenate.gov; Fasano, Mike
Subject:	[*] Re: Skyrocketing Home Owner Insurance Rates (Thread:52902)

Mr. Bense,
 
I am very disappointed in your response to this extremely important issue.  This is not just a homeowners' problem, but any business located in Florida will feel the impact of this insurance crisis.  I cannot believe that the legislature and governor cannot find a way to address this in a more timely manner.
 
These reforms in the so-called insurance reform bill are band-aid approaches.  Because of that, I am supporting any candidate that aggressively tackles the insurance problem.  That means I am supporting any candidate who calls for a special session of the legislature and if that does not happen, I will support any Democratic candidate running in my district or possibly a very liberal Republican who understands that the homeowners property insurance issue must be resolved in a deep-sweeping manner, not the band-aid approach that you described in your insurance reform bill. I will also never support any member of the Florida legislature who does not aggressively attack this homeowner insurance problem. 
 
Although I just bought a condo in November, 2005, and I am not yet a Florida resident, I am contributing money to a Democrat who is aggressively addressing the insurance crisis and wants to tackle the problem in a meaningful way, not in the way that the legislature and governor has responded.
 
There are 350 condos in my development and I will work hard to make sure that my neighbors will only support the Democratic candidate running in this district.  I will also make sure that they do not re-elect any incumbents back into power who do not or will not tackle this problem in an aggressive or profound way.
 
Eliot Frank and Luella Duncan

----- Original Message ----- 
From: Speaker Allan G. Bense 
To: luelladuncan@msn.com 
Sent: Monday, July 17, 2006 6:10 PM
Subject: RE: Skyrocketing Home Owner Insurance Rates (Thread:52902)


Thank you for your email regarding your homeowners insurance.

 

Unfortunately, with the increased hurricane activity Florida has seen over the last few years, insurance issues have become increasingly difficult, complex and, of course, more and more frustrating for people paying higher premiums and sometimes having a tough time finding any coverage at all.  

 

In the Florida House of Representatives, we have extensively debated and discussed insurance reform. We worked hard to weigh the positive and negative effects of ideas presented by Republican Representatives, Democratic Representatives, other government officials, industry experts and members of the public. What we found was that, while some ideas looked good at first glance, upon closer review they failed to provide a real solution to problems we face. The truth is that there is no quick fix to a problem that has been many years in the making.

 

However, I believe that the insurance reform bill we passed during the 2006 Legislative Session represents a meaningful and promising start on the road to reform. 

 

Our goal with the bill we passed, and that Governor Bush signed into law, was to create an environment that would increase both the availability and affordability of property insurance by focusing mainly on three areas. First, we decreased the mounting risk assumed by the state-run Citizens’ Property Insurance in order to reduce the financial obligation to Florida taxpayers. 

 

Second, we worked to encourage more insurance companies to enter the Florida market to increase competition and ultimately stabilize rates. We also set aside $250 million to help Florida homeowners harden their homes against future storms, which will further reduce the insurance risk borne by all of us with homeowners’ insurance.  For more information about these $5,000 matching grants, please visit http://www.mysafefloridahome.org or call 1-800-342-2762.

 

Finally, we used $715 million in unanticipated state revenue to decrease the deficit in Citizens’ Insurance and dramatically reduce the assessment on all insurance policies this year from an average of nearly $400 to less than $75.

 

Again, thank you for contacting me about your homeowners’ insurance. I understand your frustration with increasing rates and decreasing availability. While I cannot promise any short-term relief, I hope the reforms we have made will improve the situation over the long term.

 

Please let me know if I may be of additional assistance to you.

 

Allan Bense

Speaker of the House

Florida House of Representatives


  _____  

From: Luella Duncan [mailto:luelladuncan@msn.com] 
Sent: Monday, July 10, 2006 3:39 PM
To: jeb.bush@myflorida.com; speaker@myfloridahouse.gov; lee.tom.web@flsenate.gov; fasano.mike.web@flsenate.gov
Subject: Skyrocketing Home Owner Insurance Rates (Thread:52902)


Mr. Bush,
 
We are writing to you to request something be done about our horrific home owners' insurance problem.  The skyrocketing cost of home owners insurance is devastating economically, emotionally, and financially to many home owners in Florida.  It is way past time to do something about this.  How can you in good conscience not call a special session of the legislature to address this problem?
 
We personally will work to defeat any member of the legislature running in Florida from being elected unless this crisis is resolved to the satisfaction of the population trying to live in this beautiful State.
 
We look forward to your cooperation in convening a special session to work through this problem and resolve it to the satisfaction of all in this State.
 
Luella Duncan and Eliot Frank
2699 Pine Ridge Way East
Unit E-2
Palm Harbor, Florida 34684
 
 

From:	FL_DEP <FL_DEP@dep.state.fl.us> on behalf of Castille, Colleen <Colleen.Castille@dep.state.fl.us>
Sent:	Monday, July 17, 2006 7:25 PM
To:	LJMoller@aol.com; Armstrong, Eva; Glisson, Mark; Castille, Colleen; Governor Jeb Bush; Wildfed@aol.com; lane.asaf@comcast.net; BARJNPWLL@aol.com; CaptFrankAdams@aol.com; Armstrong, Eva
Cc:	struting57@hughes.net
Subject:	RE: The 104-year-old company long ago owned the land -- among 2-million acres

Jack, 
 
Some time ago, (ten years at least) this issue came up.  We and the South flroida Water management district bought out some mineral rights and determined that some others could not be accessed and were therefore not of value to the folks.  But it is wise to have our attorney's see where we are today. Thank you for bring this to our attention.  
 
State Lands folks,  if you could give us an overview, it would be helpful to determine what the next steps are. 
 
Collen Castille

  _____  

From: LJMoller@aol.com [mailto:LJMoller@aol.com] 
Sent: Friday, July 14, 2006 8:12 PM
To: Armstrong, Eva; Glisson, Mark; Castille, Colleen; bush@eog.state.fl.us; Wildfed@aol.com; lane.asaf@comcast.net; BARJNPWLL@aol.com; CaptFrankAdams@aol.com
Cc: struting57@hughes.net
Subject: Re: The 104-year-old company long ago owned the land -- among 2-million acres


Thanks, I am sure there is no issues but then one never knows on these older land units. I have seen stranger things happen and presented to us in my short time on ARC.  I am sure you know what I am talking about.
 
The AG may really need to look at this issue to protect the property owners of FL.
 
Thanks
Jack
 
In a message dated 7/14/2006 5:28:00 PM Central Standard Time, Eva.Armstrong@dep.state.fl.us writes:

Jack, I have asked the appropriate DSL staff to look in to this. 

We will have to pull some records that have been archived.  

A note:  BOT acquisitions have hstorically required that sellers clear up
these types of issues when they are known before closing.  It is the title
company' responsibility to flush out any and all encumbrances or potential
clouds to a title before they commit to provide the insurance policy on that
deed/clear title.  If we find there is a problem we will file a claim to
resolve the issue for the BOT..
Eva
--------------------------
Eva Armstrong
850-245-2555
sent from my Blackberry 


-----Original Message-----
From: LJMoller@aol.com <LJMoller@aol.com>
To: Glisson, Mark <Mark.Glisson@dep.state.fl.us>; Armstrong, Eva
<Eva.Armstrong@dep.state.fl.us>; Castille, Colleen
<Colleen.Castille@dep.state.fl.us>; bush@eog.state.fl.us
<bush@eog.state.fl.us>; Wildfed@aol.com <Wildfed@aol.com>;
lane.asaf@comcast.net <lane.asaf@comcast.net>; BARJNPWLL@aol.com
<BARJNPWLL@aol.com>; CaptFrankAdams@aol.com <CaptFrankAdams@aol.com>
CC: struting57@hughes.net <struting57@hughes.net>
Sent: Fri Jul 14 17:12:41 2006
Subject: Re: The 104-year-old company long ago owned the land -- among
2-million acres

Mark
I understand what you are saying but apparently there is some truth to this
issue, claim, if not then would not the attorney General (AG) of FL be after
this company for sending such letters to home owners in Wellington. Remember
Wellington is near JW Corbitt, J Dickinson State Park and Palmar.

I am not sure how they could do this because when you purchase land, house,
there is a title search and then title insurance.  It seems this issue would
show up under such and investigation. But then if it did not the same might
well happen when our folks did their due diligence.

Maybe someone of authority on this list should send the issue to the AG for
his review.

Jack 

In a message dated 7/14/2006 5:08:05 PM Central Standard Time,
Mark.Glisson@dep.state.fl.us writes:

Jack: I'm certainly no expert on this issue, and will yield to whomever on
the e-mail list knows better, but I think there are several parts to the
answer: First, your question assumes that the company sold out some time ago
and maintained the mineral rights on at least some of their lands.  Well, if
we discovered (And we almost certainly would) during our due diligence
preceding acquisition that they owned those rights and there existed a risk
that they could come and exercise those rights, we probably would not buy the
land. Second, if they did not also have a right of access to the minerals,
their ownership of the rights would probably be moot. And finally, we might
not worry about mineral rights if the experts (Geology, etc) tell us there
are no minerals to extract. I think we're safe.

Mark

  _____  

From: LJMoller@aol.com [mailto:LJMoller@aol.com] 
Sent: Friday, July 14, 2006 11:54 AM
To: Glisson, Mark; Armstrong, Eva; Castille, Colleen; bush@eog.state.fl.us;
Wildfed@aol.com; lane.asaf@comcast.net; BARJNPWLL@aol.com;
CaptFrankAdams@aol.com
Cc: struting57@hughes.net
Subject: The 104-year-old company long ago owned the land -- among 2-million
acres


Mark
If this company did own 2-million acres and the mineral rights do they still
own these rights under FL Conservation lands and BOT sovereign lands?  If so
what can be done to protect these properties?

Jack



<http://www.sun-sentinel.com/> http://www.sun-sentinel.com/
<http://www.sun-sentinel.com/images/standard/clear.gif>

  <http://www.sun-sentinel.com/images/standard/logo_red_line.gif>
<http://www.sun-sentinel.com/images/standard/clear.gif>
<http://www.sun-sentinel.com/images/standard/clear.gif>
<http://www.sun-sentinel.com/images/standard/clear.gif>
<http://www.sun-sentinel.com/images/standard/clear.gif>
<http://www.sun-sentinel.com/images/standard/clear.gif>     
  <http://www.sun-sentinel.com/images/standard/under_logo.gif>     
http://www.sun-sentinel.com/news/local/southflorida/sfl-pminerals14jul14,0,57
46890.story?coll=sfla-home-headlines 

Louisiana company claims mineral rights to 1,000 
properties in Palm Beach County 
  
By Marc Freeman
South Florida Sun-Sentinel

July 14, 2006


Wellington -- Ed Muller thought the form letter with its seemingly outrageous
claim looked like junk mail:

Could a Louisiana company really hold rights to dig up minerals beneath the
house he has owned here for 10 years? And would he have to pay at least
$1,000 to remove this sudden "cloud" over his Greenview Shores home's title?

"These guys came out of the woodwork," Muller, a commercial real estate
broker, said of the mailing from Southern States Land & Timber LLC. "It's
almost like an extortion attempt."

But a review of Palm Beach County court records verified the company's notice
as authentic and far-reaching: There are mineral rights claims affecting
1,000 properties, covering thousands of acres in Wellington and other areas
in the county.

On June 27, Southern States declared its interest in "oil, gas, and mineral
rights and deposits" on these lands, as well as the legal authority to "test
for, explore and conduct whatever extractive activities are necessary."

The company did not indicate when or whether that would take place. It only
wants homeowners to be aware of the possibility that the company could show
up to stake its claim.

"It's perhaps more intimidating or scary to the residents than it ought to
be," said Harry J. Smith, executive vice president and general manager of the
Franklin, La.-based business. He declined to reveal the company's plans, or
whether it intends to extract minerals.

"We feel there are valuable rights and the value will change over time," he
said. "We want to protect the asset, whatever it's worth."

Homeowners who want to avoid any chance of excavation may seek a company
waiver, Smith said.

The price is about one-third of 1 percent of the property's value, or $440
for a one-acre or smaller lot, whatever amount is greater. For a $500,000
home, the cost is $1,500.

Residents may opt to wait and obtain the waivers at the time they decide to
sell their properties, so there's a guaranteed clear title for real estate
deals, Smith said.

The 104-year-old company long ago owned the land -- among 2-million acres of
holdings in Florida -- but never relinquished mineral rights in some areas,
he said. Southern States reaffirms its interests every 30 years, as required
by Florida law.

Linda Culbertson, spokeswoman for the Palm Beach County Clerk of the Courts,
said Southern States' notices were properly filed according to state
statutes, Chapter 712, a section titled Marketable Record Titles To Real
Property.

Homeowners wondering whether they are at risk for similar mineral rights
claims can pay for a title search of their property. Such searches typically
are required for real estate transactions.

Southern States last filed its mineral rights notices in 1976, and will again
in 2036, Smith said, acknowledging that homeowners were caught off guard.
Along with Palm Beach County, notices were sent to owners of 2,000 properties
in Martin County.

Wellington resident Lew Blatte says the claim doesn't make any sense. He says
his Sugar Pond home of 14 years is surely not on top of an untapped oil
reserve or anything worthy of excavating.

"As far as I'm concerned there's nothing under anything out here except sand
and water," said Blatte, publisher of Wellington The Magazine.

But other homeowners are scurrying to figure out their legal options,
wondering whether drilling is imminent and whether they should pay for a
waiver from the company.

Muller says his attorney discovered that Southern States granted a release of
its mineral rights claim to his property in 1978, so it shouldn't be an issue
for him today. He's seeking to have the notice removed from his property
records, so it doesn't interfere with his ability to refinance his mortgage.

Smith says he expects challenges, noting that in some cases, "it could be our
records are wrong."

Title searches conducted before real estate closings should reveal whether
anyone has mineral or other rights to a property, said Larry E. Bray, a real
estate attorney in Palm Springs. In most cases, a release of those interests
is attached to the title and it doesn't become an issue.

Also, homeowners usually purchase title insurance to protect them against all
future claims.

"I don't think most [owners] have a worry," Bray said.

If title companies failed to uncover Southern States' mineral rights, people
may have purchased their homes without ever knowing about it, Smith said.

To Cathie Blatte, who along with her husband Lew plans to stay in their home,
it sounds questionable.

"It's totally ridiculous to hold this over us," she said. "It's like, `Come
up with some money or you'll have a hard time when you try to sell.'"

Marc Freeman can be reached at mjfreeman@sun-sentinel.com or 561-243-6642.


Copyright (c) 2006, South Florida Sun-Sentinel <http://www.sun-sentinel.com/>


<http://tste.sun-sentinel.com/tte/blank.gif?0.49038495612712385&v=3.1.0.26azz
z&r=http%3A//www.sun-sentinel.com/news/local/southflorida/sfl-pminerals14jul1
4%2C0%2C5746890.story%3Fcoll%3Dsfla-home-headlines&p=LCN:&page=http%3A//www.s
un-sentinel.com/news/local/southflorida/sfl-pminerals14jul14%2C0%2C6978376%2C
print.story%3Fcoll%3Dsfla-home-headlines&tz=240&s=12201&c_TID=12q7ovr11mffil&
c_TID=12q7ovr11mffil&c_rcid=null>  

From:	David Martin <theanchorholds247@yahoo.com>
Sent:	Monday, July 17, 2006 6:49 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Fwd: Fw: Fw: Must Listen to This
Attachments:	Fw: Fw: Must Listen to This

Gov. Bush, a friend sent this to me. He is a Navy veteran like me. I wanted to share it with you.
 
Dave Martin

Note: forwarded message attached.


2 Chronicles 7:14 says that "If My people, who are called by My name, will humble themselves and pray and turn from their wicked ways, then I will hear from heaven, forgive their sin, and will heal their land." 
 

  _____  

See the all-new, redesigned Yahoo.com. Check it out. 
From:	Cherubina Conte <cherubina26@hotmail.it>
Sent:	Monday, July 17, 2006 6:46 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Important message for Dr. John Ellis Bush

I hope that this message would transmit as soon as it possible to Dr. John 
Ellis Bush

I am an Italian citizen and I am interesting in Economics,Foreign and 
Domestic Policy and in Finance.So I have elaborate an important and complex 
project that involved for a large part the USA and its interests and 
relationschip with Europe both in economical than consequentely in political 
field. It follow some of the main points of PNAC like the expansion of US 
business in Europe and in the next future to the other nations.But it 
contain important points and steps that must remain covered for the success 
of operation,it is the first rule of a Think tank.For this rason I cannot 
speak about it with other persons except Dr. Jeb Bush or the President and 
with your help I could save my time to contact them because I have not a lot 
of time to show my plan to White House,and I work too much at high level in 
this field to waste my time in vain attemps. I do not know your connection 
with White House but I think you have concrete possibility to transmit this 
message to them and then to Him(George W. Bush). It is not a demand used as 
a pretext but it is necessary and urgent,there si not time to waste on the 
contrary every day save will be a day erned also for your probably future as 
a President,belive me I know this field I know what I want to do.Transmit my 
request to the President as soon as it possible please.

If you want to contact me:(Please speak in Italian cause I want to be clear 
in my explanation becuse I do not speak frequently in English)

WP
0039-0114053909 ((ITALY))

_________________________________________________________________
Bolletta del telefono pesante? Risparmia con il nuovo Messenger  
http://imagine-msn.com/messenger/launch80/?locale=it-it&TAB=2

From:	donna spera <dspera@myacc.net>
Sent:	Monday, July 17, 2006 6:44 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Cry for help

My name is donna spera, age 55, living on disability,living in Fla. since 1993.  Looking forward to moving out of the state cause i really think that the state of Florida has forgotten the citizens of the U.S. and priority is for foreigners.  My husband who i am going to get a divorce if i could find someone to help me, has been in prison for 5 yrs.  I have a son, who has medical problems, really depression, is not a child but tell a mother that. He was homeless due to drugs, and tough love which hurt me more than him.  He is home now and when i asked if he could get some medical assistance, i was told, he is not pregnant, no kidding, he is a man.  He has a minor heart problem also, hasnt had a medical exam for years. I know if i had a greeen card, we would get help. and here is why, years ago i contacted the newspapers to ask for help replacing teeth lost. I have only 3 on top, due to churches helping me with thepain and only pulling.  When  i contacted the clinic in Boynton Beach that the news had referred me to, they told me they couldnt help me cause i was american and had no green card. How is that for a slap in the face. Now i am asking for help with legal issues, my son has been arrested a few times and court costs and such have given him suspended license, I paid, after borrowing and selling my life ins. policy from my first marriage for a measly 600 tickets to start his life over with alicense.  They charged me $157 to reinstate, $47 for each suspension, that is noncense, shouldnt there be one fee to reinstate. I did it all at once.  Now we get a notice for a warrant cause they claim he never showed up to court.  We never received a letter. I am responsible that way. So, their error causes my son to go to jail, no way, and they want another $47 not one week later.  I am going to fight this state with all my might. I have been shamed as a citizen.  Truthfully, Mr. Bush, I dont know what you and your brother want from us citizens. Blood is the only thing he is looking for.  Good Christian.  I am ashamed to be a citizen of such a past great country.  I would take Nixon back.  Have you read the words to the song artist "Pinks" song: Dear Mr. President. She is waiting for a reply, we all are.  If it was your kids, or nieces, would you watch them suffer.  Shame on all of you.  What comes around goes around.  
From:	sanda2@netzero.net
Sent:	Monday, July 17, 2006 6:23 PM
To:	keith.crawford@dot.state.us
Cc:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	traffic lites

Mr Crawford; 
      US 19 , & Citrus County including Crystal River, has a 
deplorable condition of traffic lites.
We cannot afford to have timed traffic lites, as they are too many 
gallons of fuel wasted waiting at a red lite that has turned on 
unnecessarily, for a non extant vehicle. 
The County too has vehicles wasting fuel at these lites.
We know the technology is there, as for economics it's a no loose 
proposition for the taxpayers.
So make yourself a hero and give us a decent traffic lite system. 
Looking forward for your reply
Regards...............s.barnette 

From:	smurf309 <smurf309@cin.net>
Sent:	Monday, July 17, 2006 6:24 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	smartire tire pressure monitoring system

with fuel and tire costs so high florida should look into a smartire tire pressure monitoring system for its vehicles.
dana corporation sells smartire tpms.good luck.
thanks mike
From:	BCKDRAFT98@aol.com
Sent:	Monday, July 17, 2006 5:45 PM
To:	president@goverment.gov; Governor Jeb Bush
Cc:	BCKDRAFT98@aol.com
Subject:	A MIXED CURE FOR FLORIDA, LOUISIANA AND ILLEGAL ALIENS

DEAR PRESIDENT BUSH:
 
Thought you might like this. First dig a canal the length of Texas and New Mexico, making it at least 100 yards wide and 50ft. deep, Second send all the dirt to Louisiana to build their low lands near the gulf. Third take the over populating gaiters from Florida and put them in the canal. Now lets see the illegals cross the boarder. The best part is you can save money on your payroll because the gaiters will work for food.
 
PS Your brother is not doing a good job getting my child support situation straightened out. The department of revenue is not holding up to it's promise to share information about dead beat parents between states(Bonnie Fraustro). She is currently in the arrears of about $25,000. Her SS# is [REDACTED] and Florida case # is 92-0002993-DR.
 
Sincerely,
Paul M. Sciortino SR.
1031 Kelly Creek Circle 
Oviedo FL 32765
From:	Rev. A. M. Clark <revsam3@localnet.com>
Sent:	Monday, July 17, 2006 5:40 PM
To:	ServicePoint@fldfs.com; AG; MSNBC Breaking News; CNN Email Services; Willow Vance; Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Re: EXPOSING THE TRUTH-  FLORIDA'S KANGAROO COURTS!

Nobody has contact me.  I can't afford an attorney! Did, todays massage come from Warren Davis, in AG's office?"
If I could afford an attorney, I wouldn't have had this abuse by the judicial system for 15 years!   I have kept these cases open.  Now, it appears that there is no answer other than my upcoming book!
 First off let me reteriate that I do not disrespect the judicial system, I disrespect those individuals that have abused me & my family for 15 years.
   Let me also, reteriate that these organzations are private organizations, the same as our veteran's organziation!
We are not private citizans, we are citizens of the State of Florida, more than  55 years! We helped elect Gov. Bush, & Charlie Crist!
   Will the AG furnish me an attorney? I am in middle 70s, lost every penny we had, by fraud, conspriacy, perjury. I have worked in law in some form, most of my life, especially during our military career! Therefore, don't atttempt to shove fabarications down my throat!
    Futhermore, whomever, is responding to these complaints, I do beleive is not AG Crist, or Gov. Bush, but workers in their offices!  If I could 
have an appointment with either of these men, I believe things would change!.
    However, if this is  not possible, I plan to use every name I have ask for assistance, & received no help.  I can come to your office.   Is that the reason,  the AGs office failed to sign their e-mail dated 170706?
Advise please, on how I can retain an attorney! Hopefully, an honest one!
Will you forward my documents/complaints on Judge Richard A. "Ric" Howard, Bar # 258849, on to the Fl. Supreme Court. If Sid White, is still there, my documents will get no farther!  Went here before!
Thanks again;
Anna
Rev. Anna Clark
288N. W. Ash Dr.
Lake City, Fl. 32055
PH. 386-752-5226
revsam3@localnet.com
   

----- Original Message ----- 
From: ServicePoint@fldfs.com 
To: revsam3@localnet.com 
Sent: Sunday, July 16, 2006 6:05 PM
Subject: RE: EXPOSING THE TRUTH- FLORIDA'S KANGAROO COURTS!


We have received your E-mail and entered your concern into our database.  A specialist will review your information and will get back to you shortly.  If you need immediate assistance from our Department, please call us toll-free at 1-800-342-2762, or directly at 850-413-3132.  Thank you. 

Sincerely, 
Florida Department of Financial Services.

[THREAD ID: 1-3DFS1B]

-----Original Message-----
From: revsam3@localnet.com
Sent: 7/16/2006 6:04:52 PM
To: ServicePoint@fldfs.com
Subject: Fw: EXPOSING THE TRUTH- FLORIDA'S KANGAROO COURTS!   


Willow;
As you know we have been to the top, Gov. &  AG.  These people have forced me to write this Book!.  Florida is my home, I would never degrade it.  However, after what these low lifes have done, I intend to expose every name that I have ask for assistnace!
   If they don't want this book released, all they have to do is,   refund our money, give back David his home, that was taken by perjury, and I will walk away! Arrest Jeanne Fox, Clark, Long.
Unless , this is done by the time I finish this book, which it is about ready to go to my publisher!  
    The game is in my ball field! As you know, you were with me, as a reporter, many time!  You sat in Judge Howard court & watched his corrupt actions, when he sentenced  "Gina Marie white" to prison for 40 years.  She was on Lithium for bi-polar.  This too is in my upcoming book!  
     So, whatever, happens,  I hold the evidence to put these pettyfoggers in prison, & I will not hesitate to move foward!   They have abused us for 15 years, now it is MY TURN! As Frank Sinatra, says, I did it my way!
Anna
----- Original Message ----- 
From: Willow Vance 
To: Rev. A. M. Clark 
Sent: Sunday, July 16, 2006 11:45 AM
Subject: Re: EXPOSING THE TRUTH- FLORIDA'S KANGAROO COURTS!


Yes Anna, The problem with lawyers is the state bars don't care what they do as long as they pay dues and lawyers rarely uphold their oath to support our right to due process or equal protection, all they support is high incomes at our expense. And Congress has done nothing to restore property rights, the homestead act etc  because lawyers , and agents spend millions to lobby them and homeowners can't match the bribes. I am working on a book now with my daughter's help because is so organized and she is a great editor...but a book will not help without publicity and you have to setup a site to advertise it. Take care, I am in better shape with my daughter's help  but  we have many repairs on this house eating our time and budget. God Bless, Willow does

----- Original Message ----- 
From: Rev. A. M. Clark 
To: wwilhelm@flabar.org ; L-Soft list server at MSNBC (1.8e) ; CNN Email Services ; Willow Vance 
Cc: jeb.bush@myflorida.com 
Sent: Saturday, July 15, 2006 11:36 AM
Subject: EXPOSING THE TRUTH- FLORIDA'S KANGAROO COURTS!

It does no good to speak with the client assistance program!  I have been speaking with these people for 15 years, before I was forced to write another book! 
   I spoke numerous times with "Brooks Kinnery" another one of the good-ole-boys !  
   I have called the bar so many times, I ask assistnce for 15 years.  It is now MY TIME! 
    Everybody that I have spoken with over the years, including one of the elected Bar Presidents, are all listed in my upcoming book.  
    This includes the former AG Bob Buttersworth, the present AG Charlie Crist, whom we worked to get elected. Gov. Bush, who fails to carry out his duties as governor! 
    Any attorney that wishes to take this case & pay for it, lets talk! They better be honest, or they will too, be in my next book!
They are all in THE BOOK!
Rev. Anna Clark
288 N. W. Ash Dr.
Lake City, Fl. 32055
386-752-5226
revsam3@localnet.com

----- Original Message ----- 
From: wwilhelm@flabar.org 
To: revsam3@localnet.com 
Sent: Friday, June 02, 2006 12:21 PM


If you have an issue with a Florida attorney please call the Attorney Client Assistance Program at 866-352-0707. We look forward to speaking with you ...

From:	Robert Aronsson <raronsson@electricauto.com>
Sent:	Monday, July 17, 2006 5:39 PM
To:	'Armando Nunez'; 'Salvatore Firrito'; gustavo1@aol.com; bcraig@electricauto.com
Subject:	[*] FW: Apollo Energy Systems, Inc.

 

 

  _____  

From: Robert Aronsson [mailto:raronsson@electricauto.com] 
Sent: Monday, July 17, 2006 5:19 PM
To: 'Armando Nunez'; 'Salvatore Firrito'; 'gustavo1@aol.com'; 'ksmraymond@aol.com'
Subject: RE: Apollo Energy Systems, Inc.

 

July 17, 2006

 

Armando Nunez

Panama

Central America

 

Dear Mr. Nunez:

 

Thanks for your email and thoughts.    You may be interested in the latest information on our Website, www.electricauto.com, under “What’s New”.

 

Best regards.

APOLLO ENERGY SYSTEMS, INC.

Robert R. Aronsson   

 

 

 

  _____  

From: Armando Nunez [mailto:ranunez@cableonda.net] 
Sent: Monday, July 17, 2006 2:30 PM
To: raronsson@electricauto.com; 'Salvatore Firrito'; gustavo1@aol.com; bcraig@electricauto.com; rjay@adelphia.net; ksmraymond@aol.com; KKMNO2@aol.com
Subject: RE: Apollo Energy Systems, Inc.
Importance: High

 

Dear Mr. Aronsson, I acknowledge receipt of your message and its attachments.     It is very important and valuable information, which will be very useful for promoting Apollo Energy Systems and its products in Panama and other countries in the Latin American Region.     And the present situation, as you very well point out, could not be any better for the project!

 

Best regards,

 

Armando Núñez

 

507-6674-1257      cel.

 

 

-----Original Message-----
From: Robert Aronsson [mailto:raronsson@electricauto.com]
Sent: Saturday, July 15, 2006 8:42 PM
To: ranunez@cableonda.net; 'Salvatore Firrito'; gustavo1@aol.com; bcraig@electricauto.com; rjay@adelphia.net; ksmraymond@aol.com; KKMNO2@aol.com
Subject: Apollo Energy Systems, Inc.

 

July 15, 2006

 

Mr. Armando Nunez

Panama

Central America

 

Dear Mr. Nunez:

 

At the request of Salvatore Firrito, I am attaching several items which may not have been included in the package we sent to you recently.

 

Please note from the Annexes that our current price for a 10-kW Apollo Power Plant is $13,132.    Under the Federal Energy Policy Act of 2005, our customer, Hydrolec, Inc. of Jacksonville, Florida, would be entitled to a 30% tax credit against Federal Income Tax liability (dollar for dollar credit, not tax deduction).This amounts to $3,940.

 

Under the new Florida Energy Act SB 888, Hydrolec would be entitled a 75% tax credit against Florida Income Tax liability.   This amounts to $9,849.

 

Therefore, taking into account the Federal and Florida legislation, Hydrolec’s cost would be virtually zero. 

 

In the case of Voltage Vehicles Inc. of California, our current price for a Hydrogen Fuel Cell Electric Propulsion is $14,500.   Under the Federal Energy Policy Act of 2005, Voltage Vehicles would be entitled to an $8,000 tax credit against Federal Income Tax liability.   Therefore, the net cost to Voltage Vehicles would be $6,500.

 

There is a great need for our Power Plants in Florida because of the frequency of hurricanes and other storms which shut down the grid.   And due to the escalating War in the Middle East, there is a great need for our Electric Propulsion Systems for vehicles.  Our State and Federal Governments realize this and therefore are, in effect, subsidizing the sale of our products to those who need them.    We hope that Panama will adopt similar laws.

 

Best regards.

APOLLO ENERGY SYSTEMS, INC.

Robert R. Aronsson

From:	dr.horsman <dr.horsman@worldnet.att.net>
Sent:	Monday, July 17, 2006 5:23 PM
To:	comments@whitehouse.gov; vice.president@whitehouse.gov
Cc:	info@gop.com; Governor Jeb Bush; news@worldnetdaily.com; editor@renewamerica.us; special@foxnews.com; speaker@mail.house.gov; senator@shelby.senate.gov; rush@eibnet.com; editor@weeklystandard.com; hannity@foxnews.com; Ailes, Roger; alerts@conservativealerts.com; FNS@foxnews.com; comments@sbgi.net; Feedback@foxnews.com; bill_frist@frist.senate.gov; newswatch@CBN.com; bccatanzaro@peedeeworld.net
Subject:	Fw: Illusions Continue

A winning ticket for '08 --  Jeb and Newt 
From:	Joseph E. Sirven <jshormiga@aol.com>
Sent:	Monday, July 17, 2006 5:16 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Government of Honduras pact with Fidel Castro (Cuba)

Joseph E. Sirven
9760 SW 20 ST
Miami, FL 33165-7605


July 17, 2006

The Honorable Jeb Bush
Governor of Florida
The Capitol, 400 S. Monroe St.
Tallahassee, FL 32399-0001


Dear Governor Bush:

While the Goverment of Honduras is asking the USA to not return the 
illegal Honduran immigrants back to Honduras,  they just made a pact with 
the murderer, Castro. In the pact, the Honduran Government is to return to 
Cuba all the Cubans that flee the island prison and land in Honduras 
looking for freedom. I would like for you to deport all Honduran 
individuals as their government is deporting all Cubans back to Cuba.

Sincerely,


Joseph E. Sirven
3055534617


From:	Rev. A. M. Clark <revsam3@localnet.com>
Sent:	Monday, July 17, 2006 5:02 PM
To:	AG; MSNBC Breaking News; CNN Email Services; Willow Vance
Cc:	ServicePoint@dfs.state.fl.us; Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Re: In reply to your email

Brooks Kinery, is one of the good -ole-boys.  I have spoken with her, 
numeropus times, 0ver the years!
She, like the majority of others, I have spoken with over the years, not 
only refuses to take any acitons, but
attempts to tell plaintiff how good these folks are!
    Moreover,  Gov. Bush & AG Charlie Crist, do have jurisdiction to 
investigate & correct any isues that arises in thier State!
   People, need to stop trying to "shove such trivia" down the throats of 
the citizens!.  Some, weathered & broken souls,  could possible be made to 
believe such fabrications!   This plaintiff, is not that dense!
    Charlie Cirst, &/or Gov. Bush, both have jurisdiction to put a judge or 
attorney, out of office. Shall I quote case law?
Thanks anyway!
Rev. Anna Clark
288 N. W. Ash  Dr.
Lake City, Fl. 32055
PH. 386-752-5226
revsam3@localnet.com

----- Original Message ----- 
From: "AG" <AG@oag.state.fl.us>
To: <revsam3@localnet.com>
Sent: Monday, July 17, 2006 4:38 PM
Subject: In reply to your email


> The Florida Attorney General's Office is in receipt of your email
> regarding your concerns with Judge Richard A.
> Howard.  Attorney General Crist asked that we respond.
>
> As part of the executive branch of government, the Attorney General's
> Office has no authority to supersede or circumvent the actions of the
> judicial branch, nor is this office authorized to comment upon the actions
> of a judge at the request of a private individual.  The Judicial
> Qualifications Commission is the appropriate authority to review a
> complaint involving judicial conduct.  The address is Judicial
> Qualifications Commission, Room 102, The Historic Capitol, Tallahassee,
> Florida  32399-6000.
>
> It is suggested that you consider consulting a private attorney for any
> legal assistance you may need.  The Florida Bar offers a Lawyer Referral
> Service toll-free at (800) 342-8060.  The address is 651 East Jefferson
> Street, Tallahassee, Florida 32399-2300.  The Bar's website is at:
>
> http://www.floridabar.org
>
> Thank you for contacting Attorney General Crist's Office.  If you would
> like to keep current with news on Attorney General Crist's efforts to
> fight fraud please follow this link and subscribe to the Attorney
> General's weekly and monthly electronic newsletters:
>
> http://myfloridalegal.com/NewsBrie.nsf/Subscriber
>
> PLEASE DO NOT REPLY TO THIS E-MAIL. THIS ADDRESS IS FOR PROCESSING ONLY.
>
> To contact this office please visit the Attorney General's website at
> www.myfloridalegal.com and fill out the on-line contact form.  Again,
> thank you for contacting the Office of the Florida Attorney General.
>
>
> INTERNET COMPLAINT RECEIVED BY THE ATTORNEY GENERAL'S OFFICE ON 07/07/2006
> 08:58:26 PM
>
> Rev. Anna M. Clark
> 288 N. W. Ash  Dr.
> Lake City, FL 32055
> Columbia
> (386) 752-5226
> revsam3@localnet.com
>
>
> Subject/Category: Reply to an electronic newsletter
>
> Questions/Comments:
> Demand for Impeachment. Judge Richard A. Howard, Bar # 258849! Case #
> 2002-CA-2578 .  Refused to rescusal himself, while impeachment was 
> pending.
> Gerald Lee Pickett, Bar #  559334,  took plaintiff's two liens granted to
> plaintiff by the court, to a retired judge Willim H. seaver, and had him 
> to
> sign off on plaintiff liens, alleging that no action has been taken in a
> year. That is total fabrication.  98-1801-CA. Plaintiff won case #
> 98-1801-CA by Default. This was denied.  Both properties that belonged to
> plaintiff were sold by Future Titel Services, Inc., without plaintiff's
> knowledge. Causing a loss of $383,340.00 to plaintiff. There is much more
> to this story, that comes under RICO laws. Attorneys & clerk of court,
> refused to answer Interrogatores as requred by law.  Plaintiff has enough
> evidence to imprison judges, attorneys, a title co., & others. Plaintiff
> demands that these pettyfoggers, that stole and sold these properties,
> failed to do so with clean hands.  Plaintiff demands thismoney be 
> returned
> & Richard A. Howard, Bar #  258849 and Gerald lee Pickett, Bar # 559334 be
> impeached & disbarred.  Moreover, Judge Gward, issued plaintiff and ORDER
> that plaintiff will not be allowed to file any docuemnt in that court, and
> he ORDERED all clerks to refuse to accept any document from plaintiff.
> This is so that staute of limitation will run, & plaintff can not renew
> liens!
> Please meet with  this elderly plaintiff, to hear this case & help
> plaintiff get back  stolen money.
> When we put you in office, you promised to protect the eldery & disabled!
> You have failed to do either!
> Thanks!
> Rev. Anna Clark
> 288 N. W. Ash  Dr.
> Lake City, Fl. 32055
> 386-752-5226
> revsam3@localnet.com
> cc: MSNBC, CNN
>
> 

From:	Paul Reynolds <PR@PaulReynolds.us>
Sent:	Monday, July 17, 2006 4:56 PM
To:	Paul Reynolds
Subject:	Lake Okeechobee water release schedule Public Meeting Wednesday July 12, 2006

You are receiving the text version of the ourSanibel Newsletter because I believe you are in a position to help. I hope you will take a moment and share my outrage with elected officials and bureaucrats who got us in this fix and now sit back while it WORSENS. 
 
The Bulldozer Bureaucrats
 
On November 14th, 2005 Col. Robert Carpenter of USACE stood before MORE of us in this same facility, the Lee County Courthouse, and admitted the water discharge plan is broken. He vowed that, by July 2006, they would come forward with a plan that would be fair for ALL stakeholders. Throwing out constraints, they would incorporate consideration of health of rivers and estuaries and present a plan sharing the adversity (their term) of the polluted, fresh water problem. Colonel Carpenter was spared the embarrassment of facing his untruth by Dennis Duke, who came in his place. Since both of these gentlemen are retiring soon, the natural sequence will likely be that Carpenter's replacement will come before us in a few months, shed a few crocodile tears, go back to the security of his office and, in some months, come forward with a plan that's "fair for all." 
    It's obviously a charade. Could there be more reliable proof of their intent to do nothing? We've waited since August 2004 for relief and for justice. Now as Condoleezza Rice says, "it's time to take justice to them". It's time to sue. Because we waited and trusted, it's PAST time to sue. Sanibel can't, PURRE won't, ergo Lee County MUST. The bottom line is that the Corps listened to public input and came up with a solution that is WORSE for us than the previous one. Obviously they  listened to us. They are just not motivated to help. Once the big bulldozers are pointed with the Corps, it's career threatening to recommend change. The only argument I've heard against lawsuit is that it will end negotiation and discourse between the parties. My question is, what negotiation?
 
The Plan
 
Better bolt an IPIRB to your house and have the kids(grand?) fitted with permanent flotation devices. The Corps is spooked by Katrina. We learned that THEIR identified capacity for water discharge into the Caloosahatchee River is 12,000cfs, which is about double the worst it's been so far, and with the guys playing cover your fanny the new "cap" for Okeechobee is 17.5'. What that means is that if the Lake APPROACHES 17.5' a wall of water is going to be sent toward us that would make Moses turn and flee. If you think the long delayed Comprehensive Everglades Restoration Plan (CERP) is going to help, let me sum it up for you. That Plan has very little to do with restoring the Everglades, it is a program to develop water storage areas for the EAA and SE Florida (who doesn't need it). Anybody who thinks the solution to a huge problem such as our polluted Lake O is to make it bigger has suffered too much exposure to red tide. Many others, as well as myself, think Congress should take the CERP money and put a bunch of Elmer's Glue in the San Andreas Fault, or make a big cork plug for Mt.St. Helen's. Both of those solutions make more sense than CERP. 
 
 
My Outrage
 
It's  disheartening to attend water discharge meetings and observe the apathy from the public. It stings to note the short attention span of our County newspaper, the News-Press. The "Stop the Muck" campaign ran for a couple of months and stopped. Most certainly it's due to public apathy. It's IRRITATING, however, to attend these meetings and note that the public officials who volunteered to serve and spent money to get elected, didn't bother to show up at CRITICAL events for our communities. This presentation was so vital to us that I'm submitting below the names of every elected official in attendance, to the best of my research, and the huge majority who I think SHOULD have been there. See www.oursanibel.com/noshows.htm for who was there and who should have been but wasn't. Please click here to contact those who can solve this problem with our encouragement  www.oursanibel.com/contacts.htm.

 
Frequently Asked Questions
 
The water has to go somewhere?
Yes it does, and it historically flowed to the South. It can and MUST flow that way again.
 
We can't flood private property?
We, the duped taxpaying public, provide free land to the ag industry called WSA's(water storage areas). Do you know what they use it for? They pump rainwater off the ag fields and dump it there. We can't utilize the WSA's because, thanks in part to the farmers, the water in Lake O is too polluted to go there. We don't need to flood the ag fields, we just need them to share some of this excess water that was stored for their exclusive benefit.
 
CERP is the solution?
It IS the answer if the problem is water storage for SE Florida. It is NOT the answer if the goal is to clean up Lake Okeechobee or save the St Lucie, the Caloosahatchee Rivers, or the estuaries. 
 
Things have gotten better?
Well, sure they have for now, we've had a DROUGHT!
 
What can we do?
The  answer to a fair solution is political. The people who represent the sugar industry are doing a FAR superior job to those who purport to represent us (see above article). We are not asking for any more than a plan that would share the consequences of a schedule designed to benefit the agricultural industry alone.
 
Why do I dislike and distrust SFWMD?
Out of the nine members of the Board two have direct ties to sugar industry, and shamefully one (Malcolm "Bubba" Wade) is even on the Board of US Sugar Corporation. Conflict of interest is clearly no hindrance to appointment to the Board of SFWMD.
 
What is the fair answer?
The Lake Activists and River and Estuary people have one, and only one, potential ally and that is the very unpredictable weather. A couple of 100-200 yard wide flow ways to the South, planted with nutrient collecting plants, would solve this problem forever, be of minor inconvenience to agriculture and be MUCH cheaper than CERP.
 
Who should sue, and who deserves suing?
We are the smallest town in Lee County. We can NOT bear this burden, that impacts all of Lee County, alone. It is County responsibility and they are well past due fulfilling their duty.
 
Background letters and articles of interest:

Robert Coker of US Sugar speaks and several reply  http://www.oursanibel.com/robertcoker.htm
Don't blame sugar farmers Robert Coker  http://www.oursanibel.com/robertcoker2.htm
Ray Judah responds to Robert Coker  http://www.oursanibel.com/judah1.htm 
PReynolds on "shared adversity"  http://www.oursanibel.com/SFWMD1.htm
Until sugar fields crumble,  Rick Diamond http://www.oursanibel.com/rickdiamond.htm
the politics of money  http://www.oursanibel.com/fanjul.htm
the $8 million holdup  http://www.oursanibel.com/gregrawl.htm
elect not appoint SFWMD  http://www.oursanibel.com/brummerbill.htm
time to pull eminent domain on Big Sugar  http://www.oursanibel.com/wickstrom.htm
report by PReynolds on water discharges  http://www.oursanibel.com/watercommitteereport.htm
how "sweet" it is  http://www.oursanibel.com/sanchez.htm
Big trouble on the Big O  http://www.oursanibel.com/Bigtrouble.htm
Corps of Engineers support flow ways  http://www.oursanibel.com/EAAflow.htm
Ray Judah on sugar subsidies  http://www.oursanibel.com/judah3.htm
some interesting stuff I've learned from this issue  http://www.oursanibel.com/interestingstuff.htm
"Bubba" Wade speaks and Karl Wickstrom replies    http://www.oursanibel.com/bubbawade.htm

If you have a response please feel free to reply to this email.
 
Paul Reynolds
Sanibel
 
 
From:	RCNSTE@aol.com
Sent:	Monday, July 17, 2006 4:38 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	President ORDERs US MARINEs To Free ...

To Governor Bush,
          I Wrote,Called,Faxed You and Mr Newman as you told me to do early this Century then again.I found out That the HEAT TREAT 9 yr Mistake I FOUND on The E-2Cs in 1992 CHANGED ALL HEAT TREAT in ALL US AIRCRAFT for OUR TROOPs as it should.If The President can SEND TROOPs to save PEOPLE I Doubt VOTED for Him then I thought Maybe He Could Help Me.I had 10 yrs of LIFE taken in 1974.Do You Think He Might?
                                                                        Thank You,
                                                                         Richard
From:	Wells, Vicky <Vicky.Wells@va.gov>
Sent:	Monday, July 17, 2006 4:20 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	suggestion

  

I have a radical idea that would help the country.

Mandatory vasectomy for all male babies.

Vasectomies are reversible and do not detract from usage. 

You would have to pay to have it reversed, thereby proving you can afford the children you create. No more unwanted babies, no teen pregnancies, no more women having more children to get more money from welfare.

Just an idea

Thanks for reading

 

Vicky J. Wells
 

 

From:	Drcres@aol.com
Sent:	Monday, July 17, 2006 4:21 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Information Sent to eMPOWER

This is  reply mailed to the company  providing this service to the  State of Florida  

I understand that eMPOWER has been contracted by the State of Florida to provide a service to physicians who have a large medicaid patient base. However, in my opinion, I don't  believe they ( The State of Florida)  is  aware that you are failing to provide a state of the art system.  Instead of being so concerned about usage, you should be providing contracts with the correct are codes according to their cities of usage and not having to use area codes from other cities. Also you should provide updated handheld's, which is  very likely what the State of Florida expects from your company and not old hand held versions. In speaking to other physicians, this could create an incentive to use the system and and provide the state of the  art service that the  State thinks is receiving and paying for with our State taxes.
 
 
Cres A. Rodriguez, M.D.
From:	brown cindy <brown32413@yahoo.com>
Sent:	Monday, July 17, 2006 3:58 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Re: Governor Jeb Bush's IN THE NEWS... Friday, July 14, 2006

Dear Governor Bush;
 I was elated to read about the lowest crime rate in
Florida but we are still losing children to sexual
predators who should have not been let out of prison
or jail. The latest case is a 17 year old South
Florida teen who was working when her boyfriend's dad
kidnapped and killed her.  Who is going to do
something about this. We hear more of an outcry over
Martin Lee Anderson than this.  Also, what activist
judge decided not to allow Jessica Lunsford's killer's
confession? This is not justice and a commission or
something needs to be done to stop it. Thank you for
your consideration. Cindy Morris
--- Jeb Bush <jeb.bush@myflorida.com> wrote:

> For those E-Newsletter recipients who have Adobe
> Acrobat reader, Governor
> Bush's e-newsletter is available in .PDF format by
> clicking here:
> 
> http://www.flgov.com/in_the_news
> 
> The text version of the e-newsletter is below.
> 
> 
> INAUGURAL MEETING OF SPACE FLORIDA BOARD OF
> DIRECTORS HELD IN TALLHASSEE
> 
> On Monday, I chaired the inaugural meeting of the
> Space Florida Board of
> Directors.  Established by House Bill 1489, Space
> Florida houses the state's
> existing space and aerospace entities and will
> coordinate all space-related
> issues in Florida.  The Space Florida board will
> provide leadership and
> advocacy and actively work to strengthen the state's
> position in the civil
> and military aerospace sectors. Space Florida was
> among the recommendations
> put forth by the Governor's Commission on Space and
> Aeronautics. Growing
> Florida's economy through the space and aerospace
> industries is critical to
> the state's long-term prosperity. Space Florida will
> lead our state's
> efforts to continue attracting aerospace businesses
> that create quality,
> high paying jobs for Floridians.
> 
> 
> ORLANDO HOSTS FIFTH ANNUAL JUST READ, FLORIDA!
> LEADERSHIP CONFERENCE
> 
> On Monday, I joined more than 3,500 superintendents,
> principals, reading
> coaches and district staff for the fifth annual Just
> Read, Florida!
> Leadership Conference.   During the three-day
> conference, state and national
> leaders, reading experts and guests share reading
> education strategies and
> best practices. Governor Bush was also joined today
> by Florida State Board
> of Education Chairman Philip Handy, Just Read,
> Florida! Director Evan
> Lefsky, Ph.D. and renowned author and screenwriter
> Antwone Fisher, who
> shared the importance of literacy and his personal
> struggle learning to
> read. Florida's commitment to high-quality
> instruction and accountability is
> changing the statewide landscape, not only in our
> schools, but in our
> communities. I am proud that Florida leads the
> nation in rising student
> achievement and with each year our students are
> continuing to close the
> achievement gap. When education leaders, teachers
> and parents work together
> to ensure the success of our students, we contribute
> to the overall strength
> and success of our state.
>       
> 
> FLORIDA REPORTS LOWEST CRIME RATE IN 35 YEARS
> 
> On Tuesday, Florida Department of Law Enforcement
> Commissioner Jerry Bailey
> and I released the state's 2005 Annual Uniform Crime
> Report and announced
> Florida's index crime rate has reached a 35-year
> low.  The index crime rate
> dropped by 3.7 percent in 2005, compared to 2004. I
> applaud the hard work of
> Florida's law enforcement officers who put their
> lives on the line each day
> to protect the residents of our state, and this
> report highlights the
> results of their efforts.  This report shows that
> staying tough on crime
> works.
> 
> 
> STATEWIDE LAW ENFORCEMENT RADIO SYSTEM FULLY
> IMPLEMENTED
> 
> On Friday, I announced the full implementation the
> Statewide Law Enforcement
> Radio System (SLERS).  SLERS gives more than 6,500
> law enforcement officers
> the ability to communicate with their peers
> throughout the state using a
> central radio system.  With this new system,
> officers from various state
> agencies are able to effectively communicate with
> one another on one system.
> By providing a single system, Florida is able to
> provide law enforcement
> officers responding to an emergency with a more
> efficient means of
> communications and the ability to talk to one
> another in real time.
> 
> 
> POINTS OF LIGHT AWARD PRESENTED TO THE DASIE
> BRIDGEWATER HOPE CENTER
> 
> Congratulations!
> 
> To read more about this week's winner, please click
> here: 
> http://www.flgov.com/release/7989
> 
> 
> GOVERNOR BUSH'S 2006 LEGISLATIVE INITIATIVES
> 
> Please visit www.govfloridaforum.com.
>        
>
____________________________________________________________________
> Volume 8, Issue 28
> Copyright(c) 2006 State of Florida
>  
> If you would like to change your subscription or
> unsubscribe, please go to:
> http://www.myflorida.com/myflorida/subscribe.html
> 
> 
> Thank you.
> 
> 
> 
> 


__________________________________________________
Do You Yahoo!?
Tired of spam?  Yahoo! Mail has the best spam protection around 
http://mail.yahoo.com 
From:	skip and carol <jakenwillie@comcast.net>
Sent:	Monday, July 17, 2006 3:46 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	social security

 
Skip Fallier
Inventory Control Specialist
Assistant Transport Coordinator
skip@eskierescuersunited.org 
Eskie Rescuers United ( ERU )
American Eskimo Dog, Rescue, Inc.
Non-Profit (501) (c) (3)
http://www.eskierescuersunited.org
From:	James Allmon <jallmon@panhandle.rr.com>
Sent:	Monday, July 17, 2006 2:49 PM
To:	Sharon_Caine@co.escambia.fl.us
Cc:	Mike Whitehead; lmnewsom@co.escambia.fl.us; thomas_brown@co.escambia.fl.us; aalexander@panhandle.rr.com; district1@co.escambia.fl.us; gbergosh@escambia.k12.fl.us; dennis_moxley@co.escambia.fl.us; Congressman Jeff Miller; Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Re: Child Safety
Attachments:	"AVG certification"

Sharon,
 
We are finally receiving some very welcome and needed rain in the Beulah Elementary School area, and I noticed yesterday on the way home from church the ditch between Woodside Road and the Beulah Elementary School hurricane fence was full of water.  I was reminded the children will start school next month and again/still be walking on the asphalt portion of Woodside Road when the ditch is full of water.
 
What is the latest on getting a side walk along Woodside Road from Miranda Sue Blvd to the school for the children's safety?  
 
Thanks,
James A. Allmon
-----

----- Original Message ----- 
From: Sharon Caine 
To: James Allmon 
Cc: Mike Whitehead 
Sent: Thursday, March 09, 2006 11:45 AM
Subject: RE: Child Safety

Mr. Allmon,
 
This is to acknowledge receipt of your email.  Comr. Whitehead will have an opportunity to review your comments and concerns.  I am also forwarding your request to Mr. Moxley in our Traffic office for an update.
 
Thank you for taking the time to communicate with us.
Sharon, Aide

-----Original Message-----
From: James Allmon [mailto:jallmon@panhandle.rr.com]
Sent: Thursday, March 09, 2006 10:29 AM
To: Sharon_Caine@co.escambia.fl.us
Cc: dennis_moxley@co.escambia.fl.us; gbergosh@escambia.k12.fl.us; district1@co.escambia.fl.us; aalexander@panhandle.rr.com
Subject: Re: Child Safety


Sharon,
 
Now that the extra one cent sales tax has been approved by the voters, when are we going to see some work on the sidewalk between Miranda Sue and the school?
 
I have noticed on my daily bicycle ride children going home from school and walking on the edge of the pavement on Woodside Road, with their backs to vehicular traffic, even on days when the roadside ditch is NOT full of water.  I remember my teachers in elementary school warning us of the dangers of walking with the traffic flow, and insisting we walk facing traffic, off the pavement on the shoulder of the road.  In my opinion, children crossing Woodside Road to walk facing traffic would be even more dangerous than walking with the traffic, so this is not a valid option.
 
Not all driver's are courteous and safe -- I have been passed by vehicles on Woodside Road when I was going 30 MPH, and there are posted 30 MPH speed limit signs.  I have also noticed vehicles not observing the 20 MPH speed limit during the posted times the speed limit is in effect in the school zone.  
 
A couple of days ago a helicopter from one on the area hospitals circled our neighborhood and landed south of Woodside Road about the time school let out.  It alarmed me so that I had to go make sure one of our children had not been injured, or worse, walking home from school.  Luckily the emergency did not involve one of the children.
 
A sidewalk is the answer.  Let's not wait until a child is injured or killed to install one.
 
I've always heard that the squeaky wheel gets the grease.  I intend to start "squeaking" if I don't see some action soon.
 
Thanks again for you cooperation.
 
James A. Allmon
-----     
----- Original Message ----- 
From: "Sharon Caine" <Sharon_Caine@co.escambia.fl.us>
To: <jAllmon@panhandle.rr.com>
Sent: Tuesday, November 15, 2005 10:53 AM
Subject: FW: Child Safety

Mr. Allmon,

Attached is the email communication I was referring to.  Please let me know if you have further questions or concerns.

Thanks,
Sharon, Aide to
Mike Whitehead

-----Original Message-----
From: Sharon Caine [mailto:Sharon_Caine@co.escambia.fl.us]
Sent: Thursday, October 27, 2005 10:19 AM
To: gbergosh@escambia.k12.fl.us
Subject: FW: Child Safety


Mr. Bergosh,

This is the attached email regarding sidewalks for Beulah Elementary School.  Dennis Moxley will be glad to provide any additional information you may need.  You can reach him at dennis_moxley@co.escambia.fl.us

It was good seeing you.
Sharon

-----Original Message-----
From: Dennis Moxley [mailto:Dennis_Moxley@co.escambia.fl.us]
Sent: Wednesday, October 26, 2005 3:42 PM
To: Sharon_Caine@co.escambia.fl.us; Larry Newsome
Cc: Thomas Brown
Subject: RE: Child Safety


Sharon,
Fortunately, the only sidewalk projects under consideration are on the walking routes to schools. These are considered the critical locations for sidewalks. We will inventory the area of concern and place this location on the priority listing for school route sidewalks. When the rankings are complete we will contact the requestors and your office with this information.
Dennis

-----Original Message-----
From: Sharon Caine [mailto:Sharon_Caine@co.escambia.fl.us]
Sent: Monday, October 24, 2005 11:35 AM
To: Larry Newsome; Dennis Moxley
Subject: FW: Child Safety


Larry/Dennis,

In addition to Allen and Betty Alexander, we received a call from James Allmon, 7143 Clearwood Road, off Woodside Road also asking about sidewalks along Woodside Road to Beulah Elementary School.  Please let us know what the possibilies are.

Thanks for your help.
Sharon 

-----Original Message-----
From: Allen and Betty [mailto:aalexander@panhandle.rr.com]
Sent: Thursday, October 13, 2005 7:00 PM
To: district1@co.escambia.fl.us
Subject: Child Safety


Sir
    Woodside Road which runs North-South beside Beulah Elementary School is 
a hazard to school kids due to no side walks and poor drainage.
    There are approximately 200 homes in Woodside Estates with Woodside Road 
being the only way in or out. The kids walk in the road rain or shine but 
when it rains they walk out in the middle and traffic has to wait for them 
to get around the water puddles.
    Your assistance would be greatly appreciated with this Safty Hazard.
Thank You
Allen Alexander
7420 Miranda Sue Blvd
Pensacola,  FL  32526

aalexander@panhandle.rr.com

- 
No virus found in this incoming message.
Checked by AVG Free Edition.
Version: 7.1.362 / Virus Database: 267.13.2/170 - Release Date: 11/15/2005




  _____  




No virus found in this incoming message.
Checked by AVG Free Edition.
Version: 7.1.375 / Virus Database: 268.2.1/277 - Release Date: 3/8/2006


From:	SHERRY OLDHAM <SOLDHAM@thig.com>
Sent:	Monday, July 17, 2006 2:39 PM
To:	'jhupp2@dadeschools.net'; 'evelyngreet@greerco.com'
Cc:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Alexis Oldham Jazmine Oldham and Howard Drive Elementary prek program

Dear Ms. Hupp:

I do not know if you remember, but one June 28, 2006 my husband and Myself
met with you at your office to discuss my daughter being placed within the
Pre-K program at Howard Drive Elementary.  As you will recall my oldest
daughter Alexis was molested, at the Perrine Elementary, when she was in
Kindergarten.  Due to how the matter was handled before and after the fact,
I had to remove her from the public school and place her in private school.
Please keep in mind this was Kindergarten and therefore was her fist years
of school.  After completing one year of private school, at my cost, I was
told I could put her in at Howard Drive.  I did so and she has done well,
however she still has trouble dealing with what occurred to her, at Perrrine
Elementary, and she therefore makes a point to tell all of her new teachers,
what happened to her, so somehow they can protect her and she can feel safe.
I still feel this is not fair, as it is not my child's fault that this
horrific thing happened to her. 

Now I have another child who should begin Pre-K this year, however I am told
that she can not attend Howard Drive as she is out of area. I received a
call from Howard Drive  and I am told that there is an opening at Pinecrest
Elementary, but the problem is, this school is even farther away from my
home, and I therefore I can not be in two places at one time to pick up and
drop off my children. Also as you are aware, since they are out of area I do
not even get bus service.

The problem I am having, the school system has let my child down and for
some reason continues to let her down by treating her as an outcast. I have
lived in this same home for the past 14 years and I have paid my taxes to
support the schools. I have also paid for private school, when I felt my
child had no where to go, and this was complete fault of the school staff.
Not old did the staff did not keep my daughter safe to start with, but
horrible the way she was treated by the school administration once she told
what happened to her..  I think both of my children should be able to attend
the same school just as if they were in area.  Also I would like to point
out the children that molested my daughter were bussed in children from out
of area but they were not asked to change schools and they get bus service.
When my daughter goes to middle school and then to High School I will always
need to check to see if these students are there and she will need to go
elsewhere.  She will be inconvenience for the rest of her school life as a
result.  I also would like to point out my children do not have a home
school and therefore should be assigned one together other than Perrine
Elementary.

When this happened 3 years ago, I was going to pursue in court however  I
did not want to put my child through that, I just wanted her to have a
normal life, but the school system continues to treat her different,
therefore maybe I need to re-think this avenue. I feel I am backed into a
corner I if I don't fight for my child's rights/life, who will?

I have CC the Governor and Ms. Greer, to see if possibly they could shed
some light on this matter.  On TV everyone talks about the family unit,
however for some reason my family staying together and being treated fairly
does not matter.  If anyone would like to look it up the case number for the
police report that I filed because the school did not it is J05103 with
Miami Dade Public Schools.  I of course would be glad to provide a copy if
needed.
 
If you have any questions or suggestions please feel free to call me at
anytime.

Sincerely,

Sherry Oldham
305-790-3169




CONFIDENTIAL NOTICE: This email including any attachments, contains 
confidential information belonging to the sender. It may also be 
privileged or otherwise protected by work product immunity or other 
legal rules. This information is intended only for the use of the 
individual or entity named above.  If you are not the intended 
recipient, you are hereby notified that any disclosure, copying, 
distribution or the taking of any action in reliance on the contents 
of this emailed information is strictly prohibited.  If you have 
received this email in error, please immediately notify us by 
reply email of the error and then delete this email immediately.
From:	baronvonkreb@aol.com
Sent:	Monday, July 17, 2006 1:50 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Curb illegal immigration to promote literacy in U.S.

Curb illegal immigration to promote literacy in U.S.

More at: 
http://nwitimes.com/articles/2006/07/17/opinion/letters_to_the_editor/06724283f6eeafc3862571ab007ec1a0.txt

As a multilingual immigrant, I wish to respond to Doug Ross' July 7 column, "Promoting literacy is essential in modern society." 

I agree literacy is important. But according to test scores, many American kids already fall behind in many schools across the U.S. compared to their counterparts in many countries in Asia and Europe.

One of the main reasons is our schools are overwhelmed by an explosion of immigration enrollments! Robert McNatt, a Business Week editor, wrote in April, "There are 1.8 million undocumented children in local school districts across the U.S. At an average cost of $7,500 per student, that totals $11.2 billion."

Pls pass along.


From:	Merriam, Ryburn E. <merriar@ocps.k12.fl.us>
Sent:	Monday, July 17, 2006 2:48 PM
To:	Ardaman, Karen; Blocker, Ronald D.
Cc:	Martin, James; Governor Jeb Bush; Gledich, Nicholas M.; tc1@cfl.rr.com
Subject:	RE: Public school hours

OCPS Transportation has not proposed any bell time for the school year
06/07 prior to 7:20.  

Rye



-----Original Message-----
From: Ardaman, Karen 
Sent: Monday, July 17, 2006 2:28 PM
To: tc1@cfl.rr.com
Cc: Merriam, Ryburn E.; Martin, James; jeb.bush@myflorida.com
Subject: RE: Public school hours

Teresa,

Good to hear from you.  Hope all is well with you and your family.

I am not aware of any proposal to change OCPS school start times.  

There is an agenda item for the July 25 school board meeting on bus
routes.  You can access the proposed board resolution after 4:00 on
Friday, July 21, on the OCPS web page.  After you have an opportunity to
review the proposed resolution you are welcome to attend the board
meeting and provide public input. 

I am forwarding your e-mail to Director of Transportation for further
comments regarding school start times/bus routes.

If you have any trouble getting the information you need please call
Deborah McGill at 407-317-3236.

Sincerely,

Karen Ardaman
Orange County School Board

-----Original Message-----
From: tc1@cfl.rr.com [mailto:tc1@cfl.rr.com] 
Sent: Monday, July 17, 2006 1:32 PM
To: jeb.bush@myflorida.com
Cc: Martin, James
Subject: Public school hours

July 17th, 2006

Hello Mr. Bush and staff,
I am quite concerned with the starting hours that the schools are 
mandating now. Each year it is earlier and earlier. Last year it was 
7:20 for the last bell and this year it is 7am. I think this is 
ridiculous. Whatever happened to the normal hours of 8am, that we all 
grew up with and the normal hour that a business day starts? I really 
do not think that anyone has the best interest of these young 
kids in mind. Most of them are driving or riding the bus. In the 
winter they will be commuting in the dark, which as you know is 
extremely dangerous. I believe some kids were hurt or killed in the 
past at the bus stops. A lot of these kids are able to go to the 
better public schools because they have been accepted into a magnet 
program which requires good grades and hard work. Therefore they are 
not necessarily zoned for that school, and will have a greater 
distance to travel. I do not think we should punish these kids for 
their motivation but instead allow them to come to scho
ol at a decent hour. Who's idea was this anyway? Please what can be 
done?

Teresa Connolly
Concerned parent
tc1@cfl.rr.com
407-758-8038
Orlando, Fl. 32819

cc orlando public school board members: Karen Aardaman, and Mr. Martin

From:	Ardaman, Karen <ardamak@ocps.k12.fl.us>
Sent:	Monday, July 17, 2006 2:28 PM
To:	tc1@cfl.rr.com
Cc:	Merriam, Ryburn E.; Martin, James; Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	RE: Public school hours

Teresa,

Good to hear from you.  Hope all is well with you and your family.

I am not aware of any proposal to change OCPS school start times.  

There is an agenda item for the July 25 school board meeting on bus
routes.  You can access the proposed board resolution after 4:00 on
Friday, July 21, on the OCPS web page.  After you have an opportunity to
review the proposed resolution you are welcome to attend the board
meeting and provide public input. 

I am forwarding your e-mail to Director of Transportation for further
comments regarding school start times/bus routes.

If you have any trouble getting the information you need please call
Deborah McGill at 407-317-3236.

Sincerely,

Karen Ardaman
Orange County School Board

-----Original Message-----
From: tc1@cfl.rr.com [mailto:tc1@cfl.rr.com] 
Sent: Monday, July 17, 2006 1:32 PM
To: jeb.bush@myflorida.com
Cc: Martin, James
Subject: Public school hours

July 17th, 2006

Hello Mr. Bush and staff,
I am quite concerned with the starting hours that the schools are 
mandating now. Each year it is earlier and earlier. Last year it was 
7:20 for the last bell and this year it is 7am. I think this is 
ridiculous. Whatever happened to the normal hours of 8am, that we all 
grew up with and the normal hour that a business day starts? I really 
do not think that anyone has the best interest of these young 
kids in mind. Most of them are driving or riding the bus. In the 
winter they will be commuting in the dark, which as you know is 
extremely dangerous. I believe some kids were hurt or killed in the 
past at the bus stops. A lot of these kids are able to go to the 
better public schools because they have been accepted into a magnet 
program which requires good grades and hard work. Therefore they are 
not necessarily zoned for that school, and will have a greater 
distance to travel. I do not think we should punish these kids for 
their motivation but instead allow them to come to scho
ol at a decent hour. Who's idea was this anyway? Please what can be 
done?

Teresa Connolly
Concerned parent
tc1@cfl.rr.com
407-758-8038
Orlando, Fl. 32819

cc orlando public school board members: Karen Aardaman, and Mr. Martin

From:	john carey <seangrac@ix.netcom.com>
Sent:	Monday, July 17, 2006 1:31 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Please Support Cable Choice

john carey
129 habersham dr.
Flagler Beach, FL 32136-8004


July 17, 2006

The Honorable Jeb Bush
Governor of Florida
The Capitol, 400 S. Monroe St.
Tallahassee, FL 32399-0001


Dear Governor Bush:

I am writing you today to ask you to put an end to the licensed extortion 
of American families by the cable industry.  

America’s families are underserved by the broadcast networks, so it is 
only natural that nearly 90% of Americans choose to subscribe to cable to 
increase their viewing options.  But as things stand now, if I want to 
subscribe to the Disney channel, I am also forced to get and pay for the 
FX network, MTV, Comedy Central, and a slew of other cable channels that I 
not only don’t want coming into my home, but which undermine the values I 
hold dear.  

It would be unthinkable for a magazine publisher to tell you that in order 
to get “Better Homes and Gardens,” you also have to pay for a subscription 
to “Playboy.”  But in effect, that’s exactly what the cable industry has 
been forcing cable subscribers to do for years.  

The cable industry’s response, of course, is to say that if you don’t want 
MTV, or FX you can always block the channel – but MTV is still getting a 
portion of my monthly cable bill, whether I watch or not. 

Why should I be forced to subsidize channels that assault my core values 
and beliefs?

Offering parents the ability to choose the channels they want, and to pay 
only for those channels, puts power back in the hands of the consumer – of 
parents – and forces the producers of indecent or violent programming to 
fund their own raunch.

The cable industry has been carried on the backs of American consumers 
long enough. It is time for this extortion to end.

Sincerely,


john carey
3864397946


From:	k j <krj7763@yahoo.com>
Sent:	Monday, July 17, 2006 1:21 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	I am too powerful. Feeling way too much power.

Dear Everyone Who I send this to: The President Of United States of America, Governor Bush (to see if Jeb Bush knows his brother is smarter than he is when controlled by me to make fun, basically saying you know that I am a control freak. Question: Does anyone think The President of United States, no matter who it is, is dumb? Do you see the sign. I Ma'Ke it H"appen. Keith. T"he aven"ue. Heaven.
 T"he aven"ger.seee heaven. We need heaven in my brain.The anger is really the word because you don’t know who I am. All out War fare. Why because everyone believes in fantasy God, traditional God, traditional religion. It’s the “END OF DAYS” For religion. This means a many jobs will be los!. My Priest says nobody can predict the future at my grand mothers’ funeral. Sorry distracted listening to what my brain process is transmitting on the radio as I write this. This is how I make, create, people to say the same use of words as whatever I read out loud, any restaurant I go to, or when I watch tv. Test me out! I will be in all signals. So I will control people to same the same because we are in my brain. Brain process moves faster. I am more advance than anyone. Definition of advance is a good one to read. Plus all these people from other country’s, and Americans out of school do not pick up the English dictionary. Everyone IO meet says they know it all. They are smarter than me. I will always be in advance. To be before. Except right now, because I know I don’t speak up during the past creation, I am speaking up in my controlled environment. I am my wingman. This is a military term for planes. I control every nations’ military easily. I need a player. I  mean this when used to tell me anything you want and it comes true. I can win the lotto, over and over. My friend won $35 million and “Died the next day.” –SONG-“Ironic.” 
Ya drive me crazy. Even when I create the conversation around me is constantly reading my mind. I am insane. I am the Extreme Supreme Being. – I use the dictionary and it is all of my commandments. You put the right words together I put it on the news. I have been tempting a cure for HIV AIDS. I created and produced every business. It is time for good versus evil. I hate my companies and gangsters. I popped Notorious Big.But I never shot a gun. I tell people, gangsters to straighten them out. I hate to provoke someone and I do, I would love security. I will never rest, be at ease. Plus I need to breathe in a smoke free house. I want my career to happen now! Is there any players.I am not a physical threat of course, I am harmless. I can make you be a believer. I can decipher any song, movie, BOOK PLUS MAKE PEOPLE SAY THE SAME USE OF WORDS AT THE SAME TIME IN ANY PUBLIC PLACE. Its so insane. I do not do it as often until people are ready to listen , audio record, and I want to make a video of my goals at Walmart. Basically taking a song and making it come true using GTS, RANGO ROVER, AND I WILL FIGURE At what else I NEED TO COMPLETE VIDEO. Basically once my eyes have look around is when exactly the words are being used. I set my goals like I made my teachers tell me too. Just never told nobody. I created hand jacks. This is used with twisting witch makes me good to twist a neck. Or just use it in a movie. Or to tear a plastic container off quick because I designed the box. What happened was I told my roommate I am angry everyday and the world shows it. I tell her things like what I am writing and I showed her what my brain is doing on tv(making tanks shoot then we carry our conversation further. Still I create what the governments say, the news anchors, the radio personalities that I create. Well nobody wants to conversate with the man in command. Money security. I am about to create the past and future all at once I cannot calm down. You Know I believe it. Well next I tell her I created all black NBA people, because I didn’t have these sports until I CREATED THEM IN MY KINGDOM. I was the one who pulled the strings for The Miamia Heat to win and to be team in Florida, I brought the Florida Marlins to Florida and created all the stats, injuries,wins and losses. I made then win the Championship. I also created the Florida Panthers and still have not been to a game. as whatever I read out loud, any restaurant I go to, or when I watch tv. Ya drive me crazy. This even goes on when I am not in 100% control because I am in the creation process. But I want people to know what its like to be in a controlled environment. I say to people what I say, I wait, hesitate, and pretend what I said  your head actually process, listened. This is what movie making is all about. There is no listening, just totally going all out. I am 26 years old. I will run for President of U.S.A. I already run the world, and made America everything it stands for. I wish there was a different word than standing. This is
king is all about. There is no listening, just totally going all out. I am 26 years old. I will run for President of U.S.A. I already run the world, and made America everything it stands for. I wish there was a different word than standing. This is freestyle. Words melt me. I know what it takes to make music. I am the only one doing it. I can make the #35 appear just like 27 or 827 on any newspaper, EVERY PAGE. Not physically from me but by me commanding the people of the world. I control. They had no choice. The Lord forgives and wishes he could do so much more for the poor and people I have selected from my own eyes. I will free everyone from jail. Will the people of the world do more than forgive them because of knowledge of my passion.Get it “Passion”not weird.  I can put any man to death from listening to the radio, watching tv, reading, or somebody just by telling me, (The Grapevine, word of mouth is lethal words from people. I hate it, be sharp just don’t say heart attack(I make fun of Dick Cheney) or cancer, don’t tell me any bad wording of disease, accidents, tone of voice sounding like something’s wrong, etc. My soul is sold on dvd’s cd’s, and the internet around the globe. This is unfair that the celebrities don’t share, I should be over a multi trillionaire. I will claim all out war fare. I hope they are not scared since nobody close to me cares. I dare them to be unfair and not share. There is the money I stare at. It’s a lot of money I am DEMANDING, GET IT THE MAN IN DEMAND. I CREATED Video On Demand for Comcastic cable becasue I want to create a planet. Just need a confidence builder, someone to actually stop listening and take action. I am the only one. I am pulling all the strings. I am doing terrible twoday. The day I created this and today physically in 2006.Get it 2day. I live two days not one at a time. This is just street talk. People say” you can’t be at 2 places at the same time when in the house, or wherever the demand is, I say well I am at 2 places at one time. Double Trouble. 
(I am like nuclear because I create cars to break down on sides of highways and make cars appear in shops. I designed everything. I am the creator of clever, and creativity, but this stuff like Jay Leno that I just love to end my nights with, I get creative and just make up what is taking place right now, well me the wing man, the creator in the past that is creating me to write now,now(this is why books use the wording now,now)  Take action. Show a brother some love. I want to lower all pricing of every company. Basic math if the company lowers a price and my companies all have good quality, the product is sold more. Marketing experts think different. Why. I was taught this in elementary, middle, and high school. Then the company will produce more. There will be higher demand for products with lower prices. I created a very tight so bad system, I willl create a company in all products and see if they sue. I will set examples. I am lifting all patents. Any one dare to stop me. I took out Estee Lauder of natural causes for not helping the homless I create. I select the celebrities, the homeless, and who works where. I select what I will see and hear. I am in the creation process. I WOULD LOVE TO SEE Energizer or Duracell lower their $5.18 price tag to $1.20. I am still mailing up numbers and they do stick. Like honey. I create all prices. Its crazy of everyone not to care. There are no mentally ill people, just confused, all they have to do is listen to my voices on every station. Take a look around. Its my design. I know every house, every person, every building, train destination(I could have killed the dicktator? Of North Korea with the train blast years ago. I made him traveling Blocks away. Look at the princess. Why I don’t know. I just randomly select. I created too many stories, forget the bible pick up a dictionary. I NEED TO RELAX AND CANNOT. If somebody important replies you will see a difference. I would love to work with government agencies, to get paid and speak. People listen to me all the time. I can reach. You don’t know how far I will go to reach you. 827 IS A LARGE NUMBER. I DO NOT WANT TO MAKE IT APPEAR IN THE NEWSPPAPERS.  I Make music thinking of my self, where I will be. All feelings always in mind, and being really advance at it. I know every language but only understand English. I do not know what I make people say in foreign languages. I designed all cars. So I know one day I will hear an annoying sound in the car. So I decide I will make the sound, sound in order cause I love to make sounds in rhythm. Two sounding. Imagine If I spoke out loud during creation process how clear I’d be. Anyways I created a Enemy, I mean Eminem. I know physics and defects. I create “total recalls” at Wally World. I plan on controlling people to make creativity. The technology of cds do skip eventually because of annoying technical difficulties. Remember that annoying tv show with a loud sound. Well I made the part where I and Slim Shady say where is my snare. There is no snare in my headphones. It skipped to my liking to make the same sound as the thing moving around in my steel horse ride. 80’S SONG. I ALWAYS SING ABOUT LOVE. SOUL. I SING TO JACLYN, JENN,JENN,LORD BEFORE ME, CRAZY CREATOR, THE LOVE FOR ME. I CAN BREAK DOWN THE SONGS THAT ARE TAKING PLACE BECAUSE THEY ARE NOT THE SAME. I WAS INTOXICATED MAKING THE PASTALMOST DECADE. Its permanent. People trying to sound like me, copy me, will have bad speech. Guy say needs eggs, sounded like hags, I said it out loud. 
954-937 6026
Keith Jefferson
 
Let the war between good and evil start. I am always the 1st to “curse and bomb”-2Pac
Last time I sent Governor Bush a letter I freestyled a hurricane for him. Count Drac. I don’t want to know the body count. I look like him. I create around myself.My B-Day is 8-27-79. 79 centuries until the 100th. I paln on to start setting my goals for those days. I created 8 states to have tornados, with 27 dead. Same day I made THE Gators win the championship. I know the count went higher. I miss her. I live on state road 827. Badge number at my bar on wall says 8278.27 CAR PILE UP ON aLLIGATOR aLLEY. 27 IS THE NUMBER OF MY HOMELESS VOICE HAT. I CAN MAKE THE WORDS “VOICE IS PERSONALITY” SOUND LIKE THIS IS NOW A REALITY. ALL AT ONCE. USING A DRILL SARGEANT  VOICE AND USING A SPECIAL; WAY OF THE TEE LOCATED ON A MOVIE WITH DAMON WAYANS. i WANT TO  WRITE Robert Deniro since he has died in 2 movies."Devils' Advocate and "Good Fellas"  I want to write all actors, Please know I want my much dinero.


  _____  

Do you Yahoo!?
Get on board. You're invited to try the new Yahoo! Mail Beta.
From:	Brad Skipper <bradskipper@cox.net>
Sent:	Monday, July 17, 2006 1:13 PM
To:	'Gonzalez, Joe (COC)'
Subject:	[*] RE: Traffic Citation 0852 MEN

Importance:	High

Mr. Gonzalez:
 
I left you a voicemail earlier this afternoon, citing my absolute disbelief in the package of materials that was sent to me today, from your office, along with a piece of correspondence from Mr. Harvey Ruvin.  The package I received today, July 17, had all of my original notarized affidavits (2) from my two witnesses, along with my notarized statement and my certified check in the full amount of the fine of $133.50.  The only other communication was a 2" x 3" post it note with the handwritten comments "Missing $7.50 Processing Fee", signed "SF".
 
The letter from Mr. Ruvin, undated of course, is the first indication of this $7.50 fee, and I suspect that if it would have gone out in a timely fashion, I could have added that amount to the certified check, instead of the amount that you asked me send in writing and which is posted on the website, again with no mention of any "processing fee."
 
I followed your written instructions to the letter, as outlined in several emails between us, and never, ever is there a mention of a non-refundable processing fee of $7.50.  I can't wait to inform my wife, a general district court judge here in Virginia, that Miami-Dade County charges a non-refundable processing fee for simple access to the criminal justice system.
 
I am beside myself with the lack of due process, equal protection under the law and privacy issues.  What I mean by the privacy issue portion is that I've been "recruited" by several law firms that Miami-Dade County sold my personal contact to, by virtue of the "Premier Memberships" that you folks sell through your website.  
 
So, what do I do now?  I followed your written instruction to the letter, along with what is posted on the website, and the pre-trial hearing is Wednesday, 7/19/2006.  Your prompt response will be greatly appreciated.
 
Sincerely,
 
Brad Skipper
13500 Portage Place
Centreville, VA  20120
 
Office Phone: 703-830-9975
Office Fax:  703-830-9976
Cell Phone:  703-624-7686
 
"Fide et Fortitudine"

-----Original Message-----
From: Gonzalez, Joe (COC) [mailto:CRT1@miami-dadeclerk.com] 
Sent: Friday, June 23, 2006 8:24 AM
To: bradskipper@cox.net
Subject: RE: Traffic Citation 0852 MEN


Mr. Skipper
I hope this e-mail will help you understand this process; The citation is in to be set for court status at this moment. The $ 133.50 assessed to the citation is the civil penalty for this violation in case you want to pay it instead of going to court. You may appear at pre-trial when we notify you. Please be advised that no one will appear at pre-trial except you and the hearing officer. At this point,  the hearing officer will set the case for trial and your will have to make another court appearance. This is why, in your case, it may be beneficial to send the affidavit with the required bond. This case will not be set in front of a judge, but a hearing officer
Thank you
 
 

-----Original Message-----
From: Brad Skipper [mailto:bradskipper@cox.net]
Sent: Thursday, June 22, 2006 6:24 PM
To: Gonzalez, Joe (COC)
Subject: RE: Traffic Citation 0852 EMN


Dear Mr. Gonzalez:
 
Thanks for the most recent update on the web page.  I have the following questions.
 
1)    As this case has not yet been tried, how can there already be a penalty assessed?
2)    Exactly what is due to you folks by June 30, 2006?
3)    If the $133.50 is due by this date, what is the court's next action?
4)    Is there a pre-trial hearing first, then a trial date would be set?
5)    Can I appear for the pre-trial hearing by a praecipe?
6)    When do I need to submit the affidavits for my two witnesses?  (Here in VA, that is done on the trial date) 
 
I hope and trust you understand my hesitation in sending in a certified check or money order to a general address, without a hearing type, date or location on file, or without a judge being assigned to the case yet, in light of the fact that VA and FL have an agreement on reciprocity.  My preference would be to be able to send my correspondence to the judge assigned to the case.   
 
Thanks and

Best Regards,
 
Brad Skipper
13500 Portage Place
Centreville, VA  20120
 
Office Phone: 703-830-9975
Office Fax:  703-830-9976
Cell Phone:  703-624-7686
 
"Fide et Fortitudine"

From:	Frank Wilson <goodstitch@earthlink.net>
Sent:	Monday, July 17, 2006 2:54 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Schiavo Nurse

Go Jeb!  I can't vote for you, but I have voted for your Brother twice!  Wish I could do the same for you!.
 
Frank Wilson
goodstitch@earthlink.net
From:	B. Lee Pemberton <churchlionjudah@verizon.net>
Sent:	Monday, July 17, 2006 11:36 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	ref: earlier letter
Attachments:	red_dot.gif

Please note: my earlier letter was incomplete: it should have contained the Newsmax article below.  BLP
 
State of Florida
Office of the Governor
Hon. Jeb Bush
Governor
 
Gov. Bush;
 
how nice of you to intervene on behalf of this nurse -who is in desperate need of help.
 
What a pity that you could not be moved to help Terri, while she was being murdered by her husband and that judge!
 
 
 
 
B. Lee Pemberton                                                                    
Pastor
Church of the Lion of Judah
Post Office Box 1484
Sarasota, Fl 34230-1484
Jesus is Lord!
Am I therefore become your enemy, because I tell you the truth?Galatians:4:16:
   † † †  We are Surfing for souls on the Internet!  † † †
churchlionjudah@verizon.net 
www.bealenet.com/~ron/index.html 
 
 
Reprinted from NewsMax.com

Saturday, July 15, 2006 8:52 p.m. EDT 

Jeb Bush Backs Terri Schiavo Nurse 

Florida Gov. Jeb Bush has gone to the aid of an embattled nurse facing the loss of her license for remarks she made in an interview with CNN recalling Michael Schiavo's treatment of his wife, Terri, her patient for over a year at the Palm Gardens nursing home. 

According to LifeNews.com, the Board of Nursing of the Florida Department of Health wants to revoke Carla Sauer-Iyer's license because of her remarks in a CNN interview last March in which she spoke of Michael Schiavo's behavior towards his stricken wife. 

Bush insists that the information Sauer-Iyer discussed in the interview was already public record in the ongoing lawsuit between Michael and Terry's parents, Bob and Mary Schindler. 

In an e-mail to the St. Petersburg Times, Bush spokesman Russell Schweiss wrote that "The governor feels the actions taken against Sauer-Iyer are not justified and hopes that the complaint will be reconsidered and dismissed. She did not disclose any information which was not already public." 

Sauer-Iyer, who now works at the Palm Garden of Largo Convalescent Center, told the Associated Press she was "glad but not surprised" to hear that Bush was taking her side "since he was instrumental in trying to save Terri's life." 

The nursing board's attempts to revoke Sauer-Iyer's license came in response to a complaint filed by a Massachusetts woman after she watched Sauer-Iyer's CNN interview. 

In the complaint filed last March, on the day following the CNN interview, the out-of-state complainant charged that Sauer-Iyer made "inflammatory remarks" regarding Michael Schiavo. 

In response to the nursing board's action, Sauer-Iyer's attorney's filed papers saying the information Sauer-Iyer discussed in the CNN interview was a matter of public record at the time. 

They cited an August 2003 affidavit for Terri's parents, Bob and Mary Schindler, in which Sauer-Iyer disclosed that that Michael would complain when staff would take care of her or feed her. He would also refused to provide her with any rehabilitative treatment. 

"[T]hat's therapy -- take that washcloth out," he would tell Iyer. 

In an affidavit for Bush backing his attempts to help Terri's parents prevent Terri's death, she wrote that, after one visit by Michael in Terri's room for 20 minutes with the door shut, she found Terri lethargic and "crying hysterically." She checked Terri's blood sugar levels and they were barely showing any reading on the glucometer, she indicated. She also saw a vial of "insulin concealed in the trash bin." 

She indicated there were needle marks underneath one of Terri's breasts, under her arms and in her groin area. 

She also said: "It was clear to me at Palm Garden that all decisions regarding Terri Schiavo were made by Michael Schiavo with no allowances made for any discussion, debate or normal professional judgment. My initial training there consists solely of the instruction, 'Do what Michael Schiavo tells you or you will be terminated.'" 

"Very few of us were allowed to see Terri," she said. However, she said she saw enough of Terri to know that she was not in a persistent vegetative state. 

LifeNews.com recalled that last year Sauer-Iyer said one of the problems in the long legal battle between Michael and the Schindlers had been courts not fully investigating every complaint and concern. 

"That's been the problem the whole time -- [presiding] Judge Greer not looking into all the evidence," she said, adding she had never been interviewed by any of the judges considering Terri's case. 

"None of us were able to testify," she said, referring to fellow nurses Heidi Law and Carolyn Johnson, who both filed affidavits to confirm Sauer-Iyer's contention that Michael withheld medical care and rehabilitative treatment. 

In the affidavit, Sauer-Iyer contends Michael repeatedly asked hospice staff when Terri was going to die, with demeaning questions such as, "When is that bitch gonna die?" 

Sauer-Iyer was fired from her position at Palm Garden after filing a police report regarding the insulin incident. She cared for Terri from April 1995 through August 1996. 

Interviewed in Colorado, where his is raising money for candidates who favor assisted suicide and euthanasia, Michael Schiavo blasted the governor. 

"This is America" he told the AP. "The governor is entitled to be wrong again. What Carla did is wrong, and what the governor is doing to protect her is wrong. Why does he want to help people who lie?" 

On Thursday, the Florida Department of Health asked the Board of Nursing to dismiss its complaint against Sauer-Iyer. 

The nursing board had originally proposed a one-sided deal by which Sauer-Iyer would relinquish her nursing license and pay nearly $1,700 in administrative fees. Her attorney responded by requesting an administrative hearing on the matter and no date has yet been set for it. 

Editor's note:
  MailScanner has detected a possible fraud attempt from "www.newsmax.com" claiming to be Get your Web site listed on NewsMax.com – reach millions for pennies! Click Here Now!
 Sector Investing beats the S&P every time – Read More Here!
 Doctor Warns: Vaccines Are Dangerous – Go Here Now


111 

From:	Elko, Nicole A <nelko@co.pinellas.fl.us>
Sent:	Monday, July 17, 2006 11:05 AM
To:	irbgoot@aol.com
Cc:	ockunzzi1@aol.com; Bill.Young@mail.house.gov; Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	RE: Indian Rocks Beach

Mr. Goot,

Thank you for your interest in the beaches of Pinellas County.  I was out of the office last week, but have received your emails.  Please be assured that I am actively pursuing federal emergency funding to repair the damage caused to the Indian Rocks Beach segment of the Sand Key Renourishment Project due to T.S. Alberto last month.  At the present time, Pinellas County does not have the local funds necessary to cost share on this portion of the project.  The post-storm surveys indicate that the estimated cost for repair is $1.6 million.

 

To answer your other question, Pinellas County manages the beaches on a long-term scale, i.e. beach nourishment, erosion-control structures, dune enhancement, etc.  The local municipalities are responsible for short-term management, such as lifeguards, swim buoys, daily trash removal, beach raking, etc.  Based on this beach management system, which has been in place for decades, beach grooming is handled by the City of Indian Rocks Beach and beach renourishment is handled by Pinellas County.

 

Feel free to contact me if you would like additional information or updates on beach renourishment and the possibility of federal rehabilitation funding in the coming weeks/months.

Nicole

 

 

Nicole A. Elko, Ph.D.

Coastal Coordinator

Pinellas County, Dept. of Envir. Mgmt.

512 S. Ft. Harrison Ave.

Clearwater, FL 33756

 

(727) 464-3774

(727) 464-3174 (fax)

nelko@pinellascounty.org

 

website: http://www.pinellascounty.org/Environment/pagesHTML/coastalMngmt/sandKeyRnourish/cm100.html



 

  _____  

From: irbgoot@aol.com [mailto:irbgoot@aol.com] 
Sent: Monday, July 10, 2006 10:13 AM
To: Elko, Nicole A
Cc: ockunzzi1@aol.com
Subject: Indian Rocks Beach

 

Dear Nicole

I have written to Congressman Young, Governor Bush and spoken to Bill Ockunzzi.  You seem to be the person that can make things happen.

 

I'm sure you are aware of the of the damage done to our beach by the storm a few weeks ago.  In talking to the foreman for the beach restoration crews, it would be much less expensive to restore the sand lost by the storm now, before the equipment leaves the area.  Initiating a "change order" to the current contract is the easiest (and least expensive) way to have this accomplished.

 

Also, I understand that the City of Indian Rocks Beach does not have funds available to groom the beach on a regular basis.  I know most of the other Pinellas beaches are groomed, some daily.  My wife and I spent some time on the beach with out of town company over the weekend.  The sea weed that is laying on the beach is starting to rot AND SMELL.  Could you help get money to I.R.B. to maintain this most precious Pinellas County asset?

 

Thank you in advance for you cooperation in achieving these goals.

 

Steve Goot

cell phone 727-643-8070.

  _____  

MailScanner has detected a possible fraud attempt from "pr.atwola.com" claiming to be Check out AOL.com today. Breaking news, video search, pictures, email and IM. All on demand. Always Free.

From:	irbgoot@aol.com
Sent:	Monday, July 17, 2006 10:48 AM
To:	Bill.Young@mail.house.gov
Cc:	nelko@co.pinellas.fl.us; Governor Jeb Bush; ockunzzi1@aol.com
Subject:	[*] Beach Restoration

 Dear Congressman Young,
 
I appreciate the call I received from your office last week.  I feel confident now that you are involved that we will be able to have the sand restored to Indian Rocks Beach that was lost in the current storm.    
 
As you are aware, the expense to do this work now, rather than wait until the restoration crews have left the area, is much lower.  This is an opportunity to save tax dollars by use of a simple "change order" to the current restoration project.
 
I hope that you will find the necessary cooperation with the offices of Governor Bush, Nicole Elko of Department of Environmental Management, and our Indian Rocks Beach Mayor Ockunzzi.
 
Thank you again for your leadership on this matter.
 
Steve Goot
700 Gulf Blvd. unit 20
Indian Rocks Beach, FL  33785
727-593-2981
  _____  

MailScanner has detected a possible fraud attempt from "pr.atwola.com" claiming to be Check out AOL.com today. Breaking news, video search, pictures, email and IM. All on demand. Always Free.

From:	DanielTrzaska <dtrz@ij.net>
Sent:	Monday, July 17, 2006 10:47 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Please Read

As a Democrat who voted for you please read this e-mail and take my comments with serious consideration.
 
At least monthly we hear of a citizen being killed during the pursuit of a criminal. Usually the citizen dies or is crippled and the criminal lives after we spend tax payers money in the thousands to fix him up so the court system can release him after a short period of time to do a similar or worse crime.
 
This morning a citizen was killed in the I-4 area when a women in a stolen pick up broadsided them while being chassed for nothing more then a stolen pick up truck.
 
What will it take before we learn a persons life is not worth a pick up truck. 
 
Armed robbery with a weapon where some one is hurt is a crime to pursue not a stolen vehicle.
 
Please, please look into this before you leave office.
 
Cordially Yours, Dan Trzaska
 
P.S. I have prayed for your daughter and family and hope her fight against this illness will be successful, I have lost friends to this terrible illness and shed many tears for a family member.
From:	Mary Zaumeyer <mary-z@tampabay.rr.com>
Sent:	Monday, July 17, 2006 10:27 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	The Bombing of Lebanon

Dear Governor Bush,

 

I strongly oppose Israel’s horrific bombing of Lebanon. This is a severe over-reaction to the kidnapping of the 2 soldiers and recent terrorist attacks. As Israel has a right to defend itself, so does the tiny democracy of Lebanon. If the bombings do not stop, it is going to cause the Arab nations to unite against Israel. This puts our country in an awful predicament as we are in Iraq already (between Iran and Israel). America can not afford to defend Israel against the Arab nations, especially Iran and especially since we are already over-extended with the war in Iraq.

 

I implore you to talk to your brother about speaking to Israel’s officials and allies to come to a cease-fire immediately.

 

Sincerely,

 

Mary Zaumeyer

From:	Rick.McCleery@swfwmd.state.fl.us
Sent:	Monday, July 17, 2006 10:22 AM
To:	mar12491@netzero.net
Cc:	Governor Jeb Bush; cwilliam@sfwmd.gov; ddemaio@sfwmd.gov; Newman, Rex
Subject:	RE: Watering Regulations/Southwest Florida Problem

Dear South Florida Resident:

I am in receipt of your e-mail to Governor Bush expressing your concerns
with Lee County Water Restrictions.  I will attempt to respond, although
Lee County falls within the jurisdictional area of the South Florida Water
Management District (SFWMD), not the Southwest Florida Water Management
District (SWFWMD).

Within this District, year round conservation measures are currently in
effect District wide.  Localized water resource issues can be addressed by
more stringent emergency restrictions set by the jurisdictional local
government.  Regional shortages may be responded to by increased District
emergency water restrictions, such as those adopted by this District during
the previous drought.

All emergency water use restrictions issued within this District are based
on sound water resource data, and are not declared lightly.  They are
issued when necessary to ensure adequate supplies for the public, and
natural systems protection.

In Florida, water is a public resource, and restrictions to potable water
use apply regardless of the source (private or public wells and surface
water).

Concerns about local emergency restrictions should be directed to the
issuing local government.

I suggest that concerns about regional water resource issues be directed to
your District, the SFWMD.

You can contact the SFWMD Ombudsman, Ms. Carolyn Williams, at the above
noted e-mail address.

Sincerely,

Richard B. McCleery
District Ombudsman
Southwest Florida Water Management District
(800) 423-1476, extension 4670, or
(352) 796-7211


                                                                           
             "Governor Jeb                                                 
             Bush"                                                         
             <Jeb.Bush@MyFlori                                          To 
             da.com>                   <mar12491@netzero.net>              
                                                                        cc 
             07/17/2006 09:49          <rick.mccleery@swfwmd.state.fl.us>  
             AM                                                    Subject 
                                       RE: Watering Regulations/Southwest  
                                       Florida Problem                     
                                                                           
                                                                           
                                                                           
                                                                           
                                                                           
                                                                           




Thank you for your e-mail to Governor Bush.  The Governor understands your
concern and has asked me to respond.

Although the Governor appreciates the opportunity to review your concerns,
this is a local government matter.  As you may know, our government is
structured on the notion that local communities can best assess the needs
of their residents.  You would do well to continue to work with your
locally elected officials to resolve this problem.

I am forwarding your concerns to the Southwest Water Management District.
You should hear from someone in that office.

If Governor Bush can help you with a concern in the area of state
government, please let him know.


Sincerely,



                                                                        Rex
T. Newman

Office of Citizens’ Services

RN/cas



      -----Original Message-----
      From: mar12491@netzero.net [mailto:mar12491@netzero.net]
      Sent: Monday, July 03, 2006 8:31 PM
      To: Governor Jeb Bush
      Subject: Watering Regulations/Southwest Florida Problem



      Governor Bush,


      We are fellow residents/taxpayers here in Southwest Florida. Recent
      of late, Lee County had issued a more-demanding water restriction due
      to a self proclaimed lack of water. We say self-proclaimed, because
      the lack of water to the county never really existed. Lee County
      issued their water restriction of one watering day per week. With
      that came the threats of fines which you can see below:


      There is no warning ticket for the first violation. Violations can
      result in fines of $25.00 for the first violation, $100 for the
      second violation and up to $500.00 and/or more than 60 days in County
      jail for the third violation


      This information, along with the following is from the SouthWest
      Florida Water Management District:


      Residents of all other counties should follow the SouthWest Florida
      Water Management District <
      http://www.swfwmd.state.fl.us/conservation/restrictions/> (SWFWMD)
      water restrictions, which restrict irrigation to ONE DAY PER WEEK,
      before 10:00 a.m. or after 4:00 p.m.


      Along with the threats of heavy fines and possible prison time, the
      people who obeyed the new laws where under attack by fleas and other
      pests due to lawns that dried up. Lee County is becoming corrupt in a
      sense, as they continue to issue building permits and build immense
      sums of residential units along with creating man-made lakes thta in
      some cases are half the size of Charlotte Harbour. Lee County
      continues to oppress its citizens with these water restrictions. We
      come to the point we are trying to make. For the past month now,
      everyday, Lee County and Southwest Florida have received large
      amounts of rainfall to the point where in most areas the streets
      become partially flooded. We went to the local media(Wink News) and
      they did a story on everything that we have stated above. The story
      aired at 11:30 at night and was never seen again. A two minute clip
      aired once. It was clear that the county uses the local media as PR.
      We asked only that the restrictions be lifted and we got numerous
      feedback from the county representatives stating that conservation is
      the key. The citizens/taxpayers of Lee County wish to have there
      freedom of watering back. The water used in the county comes from
      individually dug wells, about 100+ feet below the soil. Where does
      the county's jurisdiction end? We ask you, in this day and age, are
      we the kings of our own castles? To what extent can the county
      government in this case tell you what you have and have not,
      especially when it was we, not the county who payued to have the
      wells dug. We ask for your help Governor Bush, as humbly as we can,
      to please make the counties of southwest Florida ease and/or lift the
      demanding water regulations.


      Thank You and we look forward to hearing from you soon,


      Lee County/Southwest Florida Residenst/Taxpayers















IMPORTANT NOTICE: All E-mail sent to this address are public
record and archived. The Southwest Florida Water Management
District does not allow use of District equipment and E-mail
facilities for non-District business purposes.

From:	Lt. Governor Toni Jennings
Sent:	Monday, July 17, 2006 9:28 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	FW: Florida laws are violating Civil Rights Laws.



-----Original Message-----
From: John J Meyer [mailto:johanjj@juno.com] 
Sent: Sunday, July 16, 2006 9:40 AM
To: Lt. Governor Toni Jennings
Subject: Florida laws are violating Civil Rights Laws.


Dear Toni Jennings,

Every American has the right to have a hearing in a civil rights dispute.

I have been unable to receive a hearing by the Polk County School Board, denied representation from local Senators and Representatives. Polk County Commissioners and Florida attorneys are declining to look into my civil rights dispute. Governor Jeb Bush claims in writing that he is powerless to look into this matter.

Senators and Representatives in the State of Florida have an obligation to look into the misuse of the following Florida laws. The “Florida Home Rule” and the "Employment at-will State”. They are being misused interactively by  Polk County school politicians for their political interest and not for the best interest of our students and our educational system.  Ignoring this for political reasons is not justifiable. 

I have been official dismissed from teaching by Dr. Clinton Wright as a part-time Electrical Instructor for not donating to a private fundraising campaign. Conveniently called, dismissed for a difference of opinion, using Florida’s "employment at-will" state. 

The following is from desk of wendy.hosking@polk.fl.net, regarding private fundraising campaigns. There is no prohibition against participating in a private fund raising campaign; it should be noted that participation must be voluntary. It cannot be made, either implicitly or explicitly, a condition of employment, nor can participation or lack thereof form the basis of any employment action or disparate treatment. 

When I came back from summer vacation I found all my study material placed in boxes in the hallway. The hard drive had been take out of the school computer with my prepared lessons to start the second semester. This is a violation of 447,501 (1) (a) and (b) of Florida Status (2004)’1, Pursuant to section 447,503(20). My civil rights have been violated by the Polk County School Board for not following due process.  

I have not only been discriminated against but also harassed, humiliate for all school employees and students to see. The fundraising campaign did run through March 10. I continued to receive pledge forms in my school mailbox including one illegally placed in my home mailbox. I kept on teaching under those absurd circumstances for 6 month. It ended with a dismissal for a difference of opinion in the middle of a semester. No one should have to accept this type of abuse in a Florida Public School System.  

From the desk of Glenda Hood, Florida’s Secretary of State; Florida is an "employment at-will" state. An employer can terminate an employee for any reason, at any time, without advance notification so long as there is no violation of federal or state law. Polk County violated 447,501 (1) (a) and (b) of Florida Status (2004)’1, Pursuant to section 447,503(20), including school board regulation 60X53-8, 004 (C). School employee Debby Davis has been assigned to do the administration. The private fund raising campaign has been approved by the Polk County School Board for political reason. The All-Arian fund raising has been approved by the USF.

I donated my time to train minorities and women to pass a mechanics test. On August 17, 2005, School Board Attorney Deming Cowles wrote to me that the school “can dismiss you for you’ re [sic] ethnic background....’ no explanation needed “. Calling names in place of solving a problem. 

For the sake of our students, our educational and our justice system every Senator and Representative in the State of Florida has an obligation to look into this matter. Ignoring this for political reasons is not justifiable. 

I have been an excellent part-time electrical instructor at Brevard Community College for many years and should be entitled to teach again in the Polk County School system. 

I want you to know this whole matter has been eating me alive. 

Sincerely yours,

John J. Meyer
404 Whitman Rd.
Winter Haven Fl. 33884


From:	Imaussified <Imaussified@netzero.net>
Sent:	Monday, July 17, 2006 8:48 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Preserve Marion County, FL  HORSE Capital not HOUSE Capital

 

We need to keep unique Marion County away from the destruction of developers.

Horse farms are what we need and want, NOT MDR!

 

Dale Kennedy, Ocala, FL

From:	blossomgrimm <bgrimm2@tampabay.rr.com>
Sent:	Monday, July 17, 2006 12:12 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	[*] Isreal




CRITICAL. Rabbi Morris Allen

Mr Jeb Bush, Gov. please read this and forward to the President... Isreal, 
needs help,  ..this came to me from a friend that received this from a 
cousin in  Isreal..

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------



I just wanted to write everyone to say hi and update you on the
situation.

I wish I could calm you and that I had good news .. . but things are
awful here .. . just awful. Seriously, there is this heavy
atmosphere, less people go out, nobody is smiling. .. when I walk
down the streets in Tel Aviv, all I hear through open windows are TV's
and radios that people are listening to in order to hear about the
latest threat and the latest death toll in the north. I can't
read the newspapers without starting to cry . .. listening to news
updates every hour there is another name read of someone else who has
been killed by a rocket attack.. . it is actually getting a bit scary
with all the talk of what if ... what if Syria, what if Iran, what if
the entire area .. . where will the rest of the world be .. . the
katusha rockets are awful and they have ones that can reach Tel Aviv.
In fact, Tel Aviv has just been raised to a higher alert level by the
Homefront Command and I just got an email from my work in order to
inform us where the bomb shelters are in our building. Many of my
friends are up north in the army and I two of my friends' friends'
have already been killed. More so, many of my friends are in the army
up north and I can't focus at work worrying for their safety and future.
The strike on the navy ship is becoming a national tragedy.. . we
feel like we underestimated our enemy and that we weren't ready . . .
that we don't have the intelligence that we need. Iran and Syria seem
to be trying to drag us into a war. To be honest, the scariest thing
is not, what if a missile attack hits Tel Aviv, its the meaning
of it. If or when a missile hits Tel Aviv, it will be all out
warfare in the middle east and we, not only us Israelis, but the entire
Jewish population will be fighting for our existence. These are
countries that want us (Jews, Israelis and Westerners) dead and wiped
off the map . .. and it seems as if they have the capabilities to do
so. What is even scarier, is that other countries are saying that we
are acting disproportionately . . . hearing those statements makes it
easier to understand how the world stood by as the Nazis murdered
6,000,000 Jews. I am telling you this for one reason, so that you will
not feel so far away from what is happening here. The fact of the
matter is, that this does affect you. Iran has not only said that he
wants to destroy Israel, but that it wants to create Europe into a
Pan-Islamic state and destroy the U.S. Don't be foolish, don't think
it can't happen . .. and don't think that the U.S. is untouchable
and invisible. There are Hezbollah factions in the U.S., they have
been arrested. . . watch where you are going and what you are doing ..
. because it would not be surprising if Hezbollah decided to wake
up sleeper terrorist cells abroad. Do NOT underestimate them .. .
the biggest mistake is to not respect the power of Hezbollah, Syria and
Iran. I do not mean to scare you, but to move you to action. Write to
your senators, write to the news media ... force the U.S., the U.N.
the G8, etc .. . to support Israel .. . force news media to
accurately and unbiasedly cover the war .. . and to correctly verbalize
the threat upon Israel, its people and its very existence. Force news
agencies to show the Golan Heights as part of Israel and NOT Syria .
.. Please, just do something.

In the meantime, life is fairly normal . .. depending on your
understanding of normal. ... I guess if normal is being called
into a meeting at work to be told where the bomb shelters are . .. . As
for me, I am waiting and hoping to be called up for reserve duty.

All my love,

Jessica

(Please feel free to forward this on) 

From:	blossomgrimm <bgrimm2@tampabay.rr.com>
Sent:	Monday, July 17, 2006 12:02 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	[*] Re: Governor Jeb Bush's IN THE NEWS... Friday, July 14, 2006

GEt your brother the presidenht  in Washington DC to help out the Jewish 
people in Israel.. Remember when ever the USA gives money to Israel, it 
comes back to the USA in the form of contracts,,which then gives people more 
jobs...so Israel is an asset to the USA....

Just think if not for the Jewish people ...Jesus was born a Jew and died a 
Jew...we all worship to one G-d

blossom grimm/silverstein

Israel, needs prayers and support...They are only retalitaing for the harm 
that was done to them....We need to unite the USA as we were during 
WWII...please help Isreal and please speak to the president..


----- Original Message ----- 
From: "Jeb Bush" <jeb.bush@myflorida.com>
To: "Jeb Bush" <jeb.bush@myflorida.com>
Sent: Sunday, July 16, 2006 7:19 AM
Subject: Governor Jeb Bush's IN THE NEWS... Friday, July 14, 2006


> For those E-Newsletter recipients who have Adobe Acrobat reader, Governor
> Bush's e-newsletter is available in .PDF format by clicking here:
>
> http://www.flgov.com/in_the_news
>
> The text version of the e-newsletter is below.
>
>
> INAUGURAL MEETING OF SPACE FLORIDA BOARD OF DIRECTORS HELD IN TALLHASSEE
>
> On Monday, I chaired the inaugural meeting of the Space Florida Board of
> Directors.  Established by House Bill 1489, Space Florida houses the 
> state's
> existing space and aerospace entities and will coordinate all 
> space-related
> issues in Florida.  The Space Florida board will provide leadership and
> advocacy and actively work to strengthen the state's position in the civil
> and military aerospace sectors. Space Florida was among the 
> recommendations
> put forth by the Governor's Commission on Space and Aeronautics. Growing
> Florida's economy through the space and aerospace industries is critical 
> to
> the state's long-term prosperity. Space Florida will lead our state's
> efforts to continue attracting aerospace businesses that create quality,
> high paying jobs for Floridians.
>
>
> ORLANDO HOSTS FIFTH ANNUAL JUST READ, FLORIDA! LEADERSHIP CONFERENCE
>
> On Monday, I joined more than 3,500 superintendents, principals, reading
> coaches and district staff for the fifth annual Just Read, Florida!
> Leadership Conference.   During the three-day conference, state and 
> national
> leaders, reading experts and guests share reading education strategies and
> best practices. Governor Bush was also joined today by Florida State Board
> of Education Chairman Philip Handy, Just Read, Florida! Director Evan
> Lefsky, Ph.D. and renowned author and screenwriter Antwone Fisher, who
> shared the importance of literacy and his personal struggle learning to
> read. Florida's commitment to high-quality instruction and accountability 
> is
> changing the statewide landscape, not only in our schools, but in our
> communities. I am proud that Florida leads the nation in rising student
> achievement and with each year our students are continuing to close the
> achievement gap. When education leaders, teachers and parents work 
> together
> to ensure the success of our students, we contribute to the overall 
> strength
> and success of our state.
>
>
> FLORIDA REPORTS LOWEST CRIME RATE IN 35 YEARS
>
> On Tuesday, Florida Department of Law Enforcement Commissioner Jerry 
> Bailey
> and I released the state's 2005 Annual Uniform Crime Report and announced
> Florida's index crime rate has reached a 35-year low.  The index crime 
> rate
> dropped by 3.7 percent in 2005, compared to 2004. I applaud the hard work 
> of
> Florida's law enforcement officers who put their lives on the line each 
> day
> to protect the residents of our state, and this report highlights the
> results of their efforts.  This report shows that staying tough on crime
> works.
>
>
> STATEWIDE LAW ENFORCEMENT RADIO SYSTEM FULLY IMPLEMENTED
>
> On Friday, I announced the full implementation the Statewide Law 
> Enforcement
> Radio System (SLERS).  SLERS gives more than 6,500 law enforcement 
> officers
> the ability to communicate with their peers throughout the state using a
> central radio system.  With this new system, officers from various state
> agencies are able to effectively communicate with one another on one 
> system.
> By providing a single system, Florida is able to provide law enforcement
> officers responding to an emergency with a more efficient means of
> communications and the ability to talk to one another in real time.
>
>
> POINTS OF LIGHT AWARD PRESENTED TO THE DASIE BRIDGEWATER HOPE CENTER
>
> Congratulations!
>
> To read more about this week's winner, please click here:
> http://www.flgov.com/release/7989
>
>
> GOVERNOR BUSH'S 2006 LEGISLATIVE INITIATIVES
>
> Please visit www.govfloridaforum.com.
>
> ____________________________________________________________________
> Volume 8, Issue 28
> Copyright(c) 2006 State of Florida
>
> If you would like to change your subscription or unsubscribe, please go 
> to:
> http://www.myflorida.com/myflorida/subscribe.html
>
>
> Thank you.
>
> 

From:	Steve St. Laurent <sstlaurent@tampabay.rr.com>
Sent:	Sunday, July 16, 2006 10:15 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	[*] flyer as to my clemency request through it in the trash--like everything else in this state!!!  after two months and bull shit---

The 8th Amendment  -  by Stephen St. Laurent
  
Call Stephen St. Laurent today for more information or visit his website:
HypocrisyUnlimited.com
Stephen St. Laurent  -  352.686.8756
P.O. Box  3506
Spring Hill, FL  34611
  
  
 
  
Spice Up Your Next Function…
with an Informative, Charming and Humorous new Speaker!
Stop covering the same old topics and instead enrich your attendees’ knowledge!
 (Also available for Book Signings!)
From:	Cleave <carverm@knology.net>
Sent:	Sunday, July 16, 2006 9:24 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	charlie

Governor
 
As a registered Republican it saddens me to hear our General Attorney making comments in the press about the upcoming Martin Anderson case.  Please read the NEWHERALD (15July) and listen to what your state citizens feel about Charlie Crist and his recent comments.  We have several important elections coming up this year, it is not a good time for our elected officials to listen to special interest groups such as the NAACP.  We have elected/appointed officials running our local government and to second guess them is to undermine their authority.  Please advised your staff members to exercise their authority but they must not enter in a he said she said conversation without due process of the investigation.
 
Thanks
 
Michael Carver
Bay County Republican
From:	Bonnie Graves <bgraves1000@verizon.net>
Sent:	Sunday, July 16, 2006 8:19 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Please Help!

I am a constituent.

 

Please work urgently to end conflict in the Middle East through peaceful means.

 

Please work urgently to end the tragedy we have created for Iraq and for ourselves.

 

Please work urgently to help our great country learn to work multi-laterally to end violence throughout the world.

 

There is no way besides shared non-violent efforts to resolve conflict, new and ancient, in the inter-connected world in which we now live.

 

Thank you.

From:	Dan Wickham <D.Wickham@Verizon.Net>
Sent:	Sunday, July 16, 2006 8:17 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Growth & Development, Hillsborough / Tamp Florida

To: Mayor Pam Iorio
cc: Governor Jeb Bush
 
In reference to Residential Development in Tampa and Hillsborough
county in general,
 
I’ve noticed that our roadways & highways have become over-crowded
and are frequently jammed. Commute times have increased dramatically.
Stress and Road Rage seem to be on the rise, aggravated by rising
gasoline prices.
 
Also, our water supply is constantly in jeopardy. Every year
we have the dry season, which leads to drought and
mandatory water restrictions.  The price of water also has
increased dramatically.
 
Housing prices in general have skyrocketed along with
property taxes.  The price of housing insurance has
also sky-rocketed and is nearly un-obtainable.
 
I’ve also noticed that there are another 30,000 plus residential
units planned for downtown Tampa plus who knows how many
others across the county.
 
My question is, with all these things mentioned above,  how
can you possibly justify this continued development ?  It seems
to me that the area is already well beyond capacity.
 
Thanks,
Daniel R Wickham
D.Wickham@Verizon.Net
 
From:	KHAYRIYYAH ALI <hanan29@verizon.net>
Sent:	Sunday, July 16, 2006 6:43 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Our Present Moral Compass Regarding Israel

Greetings, Governor Bush:

 

I am writing to express my concern about the conduct of the US government as it pertains to the conflicts in the Middle East, particularly the current crisis between Israel and the Palestinians in Gaza, and the country of Lebanon.

 

Our President, said yesterday, while attending the G8 Summit that "Israel has a right to defend itself but that it should be mindful of the consequences."  What are the consequences President Bush is referring to? Thus far, I have read where the President is not going to presume to tell Israel what to do. How then can Bush provide any warning that would sufficiently give Israel pause about its actions? I cannot imagine a more passive statement from a government head to another head of government in a country that is not just overly powerful compared to its neighbors, but has consistently provoked and encouraged the containment of a whole nation of people in ways that have proven for decades to be tantamount to genocide. In doing what Israel does best, that is taking a hard stance, it continues to be perceived as a brutal society by virtue of its heavy-handed militaristic treatment of the people in Gaza and, now again, in Beirut, Lebanon.

 

What people, country, organization, administration, etc. gets beat up time and time again and then does not eventually raise its hand to try to stop the beating? Is Israel being beat up by the Palestinians? Is Israel being beat up by the Lebanese? I think your honest answer to the last two questions would be no, and I do not think that you will tell anyone you loved to continue to take a brutal beating. You'd tell them to move away from the situation, you'd tell them to fight back or you would get involved to try to intervene in the situation such that the one you loved did not continue to be hurt. Of these three what is the US doing? We all agree that the US loves and is a best friend to Israel. Is the US condoning the actions of Israel presently? Is it okay to shell Beirut such that children and women, some of whom are US citizens, lives are at risk? Is it okay to destroy the infrastructure of the capital of Lebanon such that drinking water and electric power become non-existent? Since these two criminal acts have already happened in Gaza, and some of it happened in Iraq at the hands of the US military; I ask you where does it end?

 

I am not in support if these actions. This is far too much destruction and too many deaths for the life of a captured soldier. It appears that just as the Palestinian political structure became evolved such that there was a unified agreement to make peace with Israel so long as the territorial lines drawn back in 1967 were handed back to the Palestinians an Israeli weapon is dropped on a Palestinian family on a beach killing most of them. Is this not a provocation? 

 

I think the determinations being made by those representing the interest of the American people are wrong and damaging, further, the image of America to the Muslim world. These decisions to sit back and watch, to deny to back the request by Lebanon’s Prime Minister for intervention that could lead to a cease-fire, to offer gentle reminders to a country that is presently shelling not one, but two nations, demonstrates a lack of diplomacy, human decency, and a lack of moral conscience to protect the lives of those who have nothing to do, directly in many instances, with the decisions of government. Palestinian, Lebanese and Israeli lives all have the same value!  

 

Please do what you can to consider a position that will help to guide those in power making these God-Awful decisions to rethink their positions. It can start with the Bush administration responding positively to the plea of the Lebanese Prime Minister to help broker a cease-fire. It needs to continue, honestly, until discussions with the Hamas government, working with the other national governmental groups in Palestine, can arrive at a determination that is acceptable to both the Israeli government and that selected and elected by the Palestinian people. If these sincere efforts are made, perhaps then, by the Grace of god, these loved countries can enact a future that may be one of peace, and not a continued example of brutal domination and disregard for the sanctity of human life.  

 

Your consideration, prayers and fair action will be of benefit and likely save lives, God Willing. Thank you for your time and attention to this urgent letter.

 

Sincerely,

 

K. Ali

From:	Johanna OToole <johannaotoole@msn.com>
Sent:	Sunday, July 16, 2006 6:19 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Re: please do not delete:About my son

Dear Jeb,

I really think we need to re-look at how our state is taking care of our 
"disabled children", because it's NOT. Our insurance that we have from my 
husbands work pays only 80% of everything, and I mean everything. Tests, 
immunizations, hospitalizations, blood work, medications (I am on 9 
medications that I need to function) ect. we have to pay 20% of everything. 
It really adds up. My Son has global delays. He needs "feeding treatment", 
OT, and speech therapy. He failed his hearing test so he needs an ABR which 
is $1,200. He needs a genetic test(which costs about $1,000), because they 
think he has Fragile X syndrome. He is in "early intervention/part C, but 
that only covers one service at a time and no tests nor doctors. So, my 
point in question is why is the income limit so low for Florida Kids care, 
or medicade? You count peoples gross income. The cut-off is way too low, 
because when you look at paying for medical you should raise the income up 
$15,000 more per year especially if your looking at gross income and the 
child has an illness. Why don't you have insurance based on disability or 
illness?
My family is telling us to move back to MA because the services are there 
for him, but we cannot afford a house and would not qualify for a loan there 
because of our income is too low. But if we stay in FL we can have a house 
but not get services for our son?
My sister lives in MA and her daughter is legally blind. SHe has been 
wanting to move here to FL. for years, but there is a 5 year waiting list 
for blind services that her daughter needs, and my grandmother was legally 
blind and got more services than she needed. When I lived in MA I new a 
couple that moved to florida from MA, but had to move back to MA because FL 
did not have adaquate state insurance that they needed (they were on 
disability and MA has masshealth). Why not cut some of the elderly funds and 
take care of our children, because they are our future? Thank you for your 
time. Please respond back so I can understand better.

Truly,
Johanna O'Toole

_________________________________________________________________
On the road to retirement? Check out MSN Life Events for advice on how to 
get there! http://lifeevents.msn.com/category.aspx?cid=Retirement

From:	GlyR4@aol.com
Sent:	Sunday, July 16, 2006 5:41 PM
To:	shulas6@alltel.net; jeannie@jcrogers.com; wleitner@ora.fda.gov; cron47@hotmail.com; davenavarro@bashas.com; nzone69@netscape.net; turnerss@hqmc; turnerss@hqmc.usmc.mil
Subject:	Re: Inquiry From Gassed Fish Website

Sandy
 
I am sorry I have been so busy I haven't responded sooner.
 
The politics involved in the fraudulent sale of this $800 million fraud in the seafood industry is beyond belief. The use of Carbon Monoxide in fish is used to allow an unscrupulous Offshore broker to mask the true quality of the product, which can result in a severe health risk. Now they are trying it in red meat in some areas in the US with the backing of the FDA. We have a lone wolf, Senator from Arizona "John McCain" who has been the only one who has helped. to try and rectify this fraud against the consumer The others have ignored the seriousness of this. I have more than 25 Deaths suspected is the consumption of these products and suspect thousands The medical records and death certificate just say Flu or Pneumonia.
 
Most of these Politicians are lobbied by funds from those involved in the fraud, I have some evidence of bribes and sexual favors as well. It is a terrible thing I have seen deformed Babies from a mother that became ill after the consumption of these products while pregnant, I recently held a two year "Blind Baby" that the mother was in a respiratory coma while pregnant. The Doctors said the baby was blind from lack of oxygen at one time while the mother was comatose. My own Eye Doctor here in Kona Hawaii went into a respiratory coma two hours after eating the product, After she recovered what she thought was her own Death, she; knowing I was a fish man, called on me to see if I had ever herd of such a thing, When I told her I had more than a hundred cases like hers and showed her my files She almost died again with disbelief. She would not help me however, because she is afraid to get involved with the FDA Criminal division as most doctors are. She is also a medical doctor and she said she nor several of her doctor friends on the mainland could not Identify the Virus that caused her Severe Respiratory Illness. I have had three other Doctors who have had a close family member go into the same respiratory coma after the consumption of this Carbon Monoxide Gas treated fish product. They too don't know what this Strange Virus is. Two of them flew to Hawaii to see me and took files back with them. I gave all this info and their Names to the FDA Criminal Division.
 
I have no medical knowledge myself at all. I just know this has gone on now for 9 (nine) years. My wife and I spend all our time and money trying to inform the public. I sent a complete set of files to every congressman and Senator, certified mail through the Washington, DC Capitol mail center and got confirmation of each delivery. Only one answered, Guess who? "John McCain". 
 
A federal Grand Jury in Honolulu now has 5 (five) sealed indictments the head of the FDA "Doctor Crawford "stopped them from being server and then he; "Dr. Crawford" resigned the same day after only having been confirmed by the US Senate for a couple months. Everyone knows he was on the take.
 
There has only been two federal agents with the criminal division FDA that has attempted to aggressively correct this matter and they have had their hands tied.
 
So the answer is contact your Senator and Congress and keep complaining and Help me organize a protest in Washington.
 
If we could just get some News Reporter to do a story and inform the public it would help. One large news paper gave me an audience and they opened a paper and showed me five pages of colored adds on Safeway Stores and further 6 (six) full pages of Albertsons Grocery Stores adds and explained they were 20% of the papers budget and "I will be honest with you Glynn, I could not do a story If I wanted to "I was so mad I excused myself and left.
Most of your local health inspector are on the take or not qualified. One Store in Park City Utah "Dans Super Marked" has had the same sign saying the product is FDA CERTIFIED FRESH for 9 (nine years) I know  I was just recently back there again; in the store taking pictures and buying some of the worst contaminated products I have ever seen. This was after a friend of one of three family members that was all hospitalized after the consumption of some of the product called on me. I flew to Utah and found the worst Contaminated, Bacteria, Adulterated product one could imagine being sold to the public as fresh FDA certified. It was all previously frozen, imported. had all been treated with Carbon Monoxide Gas which makes it look fresh and masks the true Quality to most customers. I have several times contacted the state of Utah Health Authority with no responce.I even sent files to Senator Oren Hatch in Washington, DC certified mail, with no answer.
 
Well, I am sorry I go on & on about this, However I have seen, & talked to people who have suffered so much while our Government Politicians have done nothing. These "Fat Cats' do nothing Congressmen in Washington make me sick.
 
Thanks for being concerned and for God's sake don't eat that stuff you bought from Walmart I have found Walmart to be one of the worst, as my webpage shows www.gassedfish.com Tell your friends about it as well.
 
Thanks Glynn
Thanks
PS If you think Walmart cares about any thing except profits, think again. Read this attached letter one young housewife sent the CEO of Walmart
 
Attachment

My Name is Cindy Miles, I am the mother of three children the youngest a boy, he will soon be two yrs old. My husband Johnny is a commercial fisherman here in Hawaii. We have known Mr. Glynn Ross here in Kona and know of his work on the imported, frozen, gassed, adulterated, mislabeled fish being sold here and the mainland ?As fresh all naturalistic.

When I was pregnant with our last son I had a 24 year old girl friend who was also pregnant and we gave birth just a week apart. while I was expecting, Glynn would always tell me who was selling gassed? fish And he would give us fish rather than me take a chance in me unknowingly buying the gassed fish.

You know the old story about the plumber's?  Faucets leaking well fishermen some times sell all the fish.

Any way Glynn would give me fish rather than have me take a chance on unknowingly get the gassed stuff,

God blessed Johnny and I with a beautiful boy and my girl friend with a beautiful girl just one week apart. ?Our boy was born with considerable physical defects and has had three corrective surgeries with great success with a couple more to go. The reason I tell you this is I want you to know we know what challenges and disappointments a mother and father can go through and to have a child that will face life with these challenges all because of toxicology effects during a pregnancy which can be the effects of food additives and the consumption of some food containing certain toxins by the mother you see A MOTHER SHOULD HAVE THE RIGHT TO KNOW what she is feeding her family and unborn child.

 I guess I put off the worst until now because I can?t talk about it very well my girlfriend who loves fish almost as much as life had some kind of allergic reaction and died three days ago she was having repertory problems and called 911 and before the paramedics got there she was dead and her baby was trying to wake her up. My friend did not do drugs or drink she was a beautiful mother and single parent, now she is gone.

Walmart is aware of thousands of food born illnesses each year and allergic reactions from food additives. This may have not been the case however it brings it home pretty close We mothers want to have a choice not to buy gassed products from countries with high rates of S A R S? and Other infectious bacteria? we have bacteria's out there now the world scientist cant even identify

So please require bold print on your imported seafood products where it is imported from and how it was processed so a mother can decide

I have agreed to be the Chair person for Kona Hawaii for S A F E .an organization founded by Mr. Ross one of the first things we will do is start printing bumper stickers? with www.gassedfish.com & start a national boycott against any stores or restaurant that does not comply? we will align wit mother against drunk drivers and take out news add and every single way we can communicate ?to the public.

We would expect to hear from you within five days regarding your intention and supply us with the names of each board member and major stock holder and the name and place of your next board meeting ?

Cindy Miles Chairperson 

 Safe Air Food Environment

From:	Firelady522@aol.com
Sent:	Sunday, July 16, 2006 5:25 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	The Jessica Lunsford act did no good here

Sex offender stalks, kills teen, then self, police say 
From:	NCM534@aol.com
Sent:	Sunday, July 16, 2006 4:54 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Terri Schiavo's nurse

Dear Gov. Bush:
I am glad you are standing up for Ms. Schiavo's nurse who is being attacked by the state BRN. I think you need to retire those who are on the BRN. This is outrageous. I would not practice in a state where the BRN is attacking RNs for being what they should be, patient advocates. 
Please look into who is on the BRN and what can be done to replace them. They are trying to send a msg to every nurse to shut up about the culture of death. Send a message to them! 
 
Sincerely,
 
Christine Floyd, RN, CRRN, CCM
Menlo Park, California
From:	Catherine Adam <katalin4@juno.com>
Sent:	Sunday, July 16, 2006 3:47 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Question

Dear Governor Bush:
I just read the following article  published by the Washington Times:

"By Joyce Howard Price
THE WASHINGTON TIMES
July 16, 2006 

Plans to build a mosque in a predominantly black neighborhood in Pompano Beach, Fla., have led to angry protests from some local ministers, one of whom referred to Islam as a "dangerous religion." "

The question presented is, how long do we destroy our country with the ill-conceived 'political correctness'? I do not believe that during WWII SS camp would have been allowed to be built in the US.

Respectfully,

Sincerely,
Catherine Elizabeth. Adam
katalin4@juno.com

434-792-0570



 

From:	remer5@netzero.net
Sent:	Sunday, July 16, 2006 3:37 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush; Chlee2@earthlink.net
Subject:	Fw: A weaselly plan to undermine growth outline - from the Orlando Sentinel, Lake edition

How can we let something like this happen in Florida?  It must be stopped or the governor can forget about ever getting citizens to work long and hard on any of his committees.  
Mrs. Mary Remer,  Leesburg

---------- Forwarded Message ----------
This story was sent to you by: budd remer

--------------------
A weaselly plan to undermine growth outline 
--------------------

Lauren Ritchie
COMMENTARY

July 16, 2006

Sniff the breeze in Sorrento. Smell a rat?

Oh, yeah. And the leader of this pack is Lake County Commission Chairwoman Catherine Hanson, who is on yet another mission to sabotage the work of residents so her developer buddies can make more money.

This is getting to be a habit with Hanson -- she claims publicly that she wants residents to plan the destiny of their community and when they do, she runs behind their backs with a gleaming machete and starts hacking at their necks.

She tried that trick earlier this year when the residents of Sorrento and Mount Plymouth set limits on the size of stores that they want in their mostly rural communities next to each other in east Lake County.

She got caught trying to increase the size and backed off.

Now the commissioner, who is seeking re-election in November, is at it again, and the consequences are bigger if she wins.

Here's what is going on:

For the last two years, members of the county's Local Planning Agency have been working diligently to articulate a vision of how and where Lake County should grow. The results of their thoughtful, dedicated work -- complicated policies and a map -- will turn into law when approved by county commissioners and state authorities. Their work will chart the growth of Lake for 15 years to come.

The agency came up with a reasonable vision for east Lake, where Hanson's real-estate company is based.

Inside the springshed of the fragile Wekiva River, land must stay rural. In the core areas of Mount Plymouth and Sorrento, developers could build up to 5.5 homes per acre. North of State Road 44 the land would stay mostly as large, equestrian-style lots, and to the south, the density would taper to a maximum of 1 home per acre.

That's where members thought that "conservation design" subdivisions would work well. They required homes be clustered onto smaller-than-normal lots and 50 percent of the property be left open for wildlife corridors, aquifer recharge and parks.

Sounds good, right? Enter the scammers who are out to pervert a fine idea with their weasel words.

This time, they've come in the form of a loose consortium of developers -- along with lawyers and planners -- who have been meeting privately since at least early April. They regularly prowl the hallways at the county's growth-management department, and they've hired a county planner, who also returns to carry their ideas. They've said that the number of homes on any given piece of property in that one-per-acre area isn't important to them, but their actions say otherwise. They're working to stuff more homes onto property in east Lake than would be allowed under the agency's plan -- all the while saying they're just trying to protect the little bunnies and turtles who call it home.

They've dubbed themselves the "Lake Hills Task Force," as if they were officially appointed by county commissioners. Heck, maybe they were -- at least by one. At the top of the membership list in this shadowy "task force" is none other than Hanson, followed by several folks from the Australian development group Heritage Green, a land lawyer, a business owner who tried to get more dense zoning last year and withdrew what was clearly a sinking request, and a smattering of hired do-boys who draw the pretty subdivision pictures.

On Heritage Green's Web site, they like to refer to themselves as working with "major stakeholders" in east Lake to lay out a "more sustainable vision for the region's future." How kind of them to assist the benighted yokels, considering that they don't own an acre of property out there.

Perhaps they'd like to fix a little whoopsie-daisy in their game plan. Seems that they forgot to include on their "task force" common people without development interests who actually live in the community. You know, the ones who for two years have been working on a "vision" for their own destiny, are real tickled with what they've written and don't think they need last-minute help from developers or their county commission traitor.

First on the written agenda of this "task force": "Remove past beliefs."

Alex Kane, vice president of Heritage Green, told the Local Planning Agency on April 20 that members should reconsider the way they calculate open space.

His suggestion was to set aside 50 percent of the land on each individual lot as open space. For that, members should consider awarding the developer "density bonuses" -- the right to build more houses than allowed.

"Constricting density is not the answer," he said.

He arrogantly warned that Lake would never be able to attract "award-winning" developers -- he'd already mentioned several times that Heritage Green was winning them left and right -- unless they did as he described.

The real conservationists in the room were gap-mouthed at this vision of "environmentalism."

"I don't know how you'd enforce that unless the county creates the Open Space Police to go around and see whether you expand your driveway too much or cut down a tree in your own back yard," countered planning agency member Keith Schue.

What Heritage Green suggested under the guise of "conservation" is an insult to people who genuinely care about wildlife, water resources, school overcrowding and a decent way of life.

It is just a fancier-than-usual case of out-of-town developers spitting on the shoes of us hillbillies, telling us that it's rain and it will make us grow. (The latter part is true; certainly, that company's policies, if adopted, would spur growth in rural areas.)

Unfortunately, this nonsense did not die in April.

After Kane got a thumbs-down reception, a new tactic or two emerged. Kane, sometimes with Hanson in tow, started talking about a marvelous idea called "sector plans." Hanson even appeared with Heritage Green representatives before the Orlando Sentinel's editorial board.

Hanson said Friday that she supports the idea of planning for an area rather than considering each subdivision as a separate entity. Asked how the Heritage plan was better than what her Land Planning Agency had sketched out for the area, Hanson said she didn't know. She said she was unaware of what the county's agency had in store for the area.

This sector-plan nonsense is just another opportunity to blast away the work of the Local Planning Agency, which would limit the density of homes in the semirural parts of east Lake.

Hanson said she has never talked with Heritage Green about the density they want. This seems a stretch. The commissioner has appeared with a developer before the local newspaper and allowed her name to be linked with theirs, but she does not know the basics of the company's proposal?

Last week, a county staffer told the Local Planning Agency that it would be taking a "fresh look" at some growth policies that the group thought were settled. Hanson said she hasn't asked anyone to do that -- she said she has stayed out of the planning process. How she can claim that while she actively supports a developer's "task force" to plan for parts of east Lake, all the while knowing that the land planning agency was doing the same, is a conundrum.

As the final touches are being put on the county's growth plan after two years of maddening, meticulous work, the agency Hanson helped to appoint is going to be asked to throw aside some of its most meaningful conclusions.

Why has Hanson allied herself with a group out to sabotage the work of an official county agency? Let's see . . . follow the money trail . . . could it be that Hanson owns a big real-estate company in east Lake and her fortune depends on keeping the growth machine humming?

OK, that's harsh. Maybe it's the $5,000 that the Lake Hills "task force" members, its employees, friends and lawyer just contributed to her campaign, representing 16 percent of the total as of June 30.

Whatever.

The members of the Local Planning Agency have done a remarkable job. They've created a framework that is fair to both developers and residents in east Lake, and it encourages innovation.

Members should keep their eye on the goal and refuse to buckle, regardless of what is dangled before them.

Lauren Ritchie can be reached at Lritchie@orlandosentinel.com or 352-742-5918.



Copyright (c) 2006, Orlando Sentinel | Get home delivery - up to 50% off 

Visit OrlandoSentinel.com

From:	remer5@netzero.net
Sent:	Sunday, July 16, 2006 3:14 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Fw: Group pushes Wekiva development

Sir,  Did you hear about this?  I have long suspected that many developers in Florida were backed by foreign investors but this is ridiculous, Australia, and they want to form a task force!
Guess who will be on it?  Probably folks like attorneys Steve Richey and that female who wants to build in the Wekiva.  Mrs. Mary Remer, Leesburg

---------- Forwarded Message ----------
This story was sent to you by: budd remer

--------------------
Group pushes Wekiva development 
--------------------

An advisory board's proposals are too stringent, developers and landowners say.

Nin-Hai Tseng
Sentinel Staff Writer

July 15, 2006

TAVARES -- A group of landowners and developers have united to push for more intense development than a county advisory board recommends in a large swath of land in the Wekiva River basin.

The effort has prompted concern among environmentalists who support the more-stringent development standards advocated by the Local Planning Agency.

Heritage Green, a relatively new developer in Central Florida, has aligned itself with several landowners in the environmentally sensitive Wekiva area to form the so-called Lake Hills task force. The group's meetings with county officials -- including County Commission Chairwoman Catherine Hanson -- have drawn criticism from environmentalists.

"To have a county commissioner and county staff secretly meet with developers without giving the public the opportunity to attend borders on the kind of activity that raises serious ethical questions, " said Charles Lee, director of advocacy for Audubon of Florida.

Talk of a separate plan could undercut "the good progress" of the advisory panel's work, Lee said.

Later this month, the Local Planning Agency's recommendations are scheduled to go before county commissioners who will decide whether the plans should move forward for state review. The development guidelines for the Wekiva area are part of a state mandate to protect sensitive springsheds in the area as it undergoes intense development pressures.

The Lake Hills group represents about 3,000 acres of mostly bare land south of State Road 44. The area crosses State Road 46, ending at the Orange County line. Landowners and developers see the area as ripe for development, as completion of the Wekiva Parkway will connect State Road 427 in Apopka to Interstate 4 in Sanford and give the rural area easy access to Orlando.

The Lake Hills group thinks development standards suggested by the Local Planning Agency are too restrictive, and it urges commissioners to consider another plan to allow developers to build more homes.

Members have held several private meetings that Hanson, Commissioner Debbie Stivender and some members of the county's planning staff attended.

Bruce Duncan, development attorney representing major landowners that make up part of the Lake Hills group, said his clients want an overall density of 2.5 to 3.5 homes per acre.

In contrast, the Local Planning Agency has suggested much less development -- a maximum of one home per acre as long as developers leave plenty of open land for such things as wildlife habitat and trails.

"What they are proposing is simply unreasonable," Duncan said of the panel's recommendations. He said there needs to be denser development clustered at one end so there's more room to leave as open land.

Hanson said she does not agree that more homes should be allowed in the area than the advisory board has recommended. However, she said she supports the way in which the Lake Hills group wants to develop the area by having an areawide growth plan where landowners help create and agree to a set of development guidelines.

"I support the process to keep developments from looking fragmented," she said.

Last month, Hanson applauded such efforts, along with Duncan and a representative from Heritage Green, during a meeting the developer requested with the Orlando Sentinel's editorial board.

At the time, Hanson's real-estate company was the broker for about 40 acres of land that Heritage Green was looking to buy. The commissioner said last week she was no longer the broker because the site was not suitable for development.

Still, the Lake Hills group continues to gain influence. Landowners and people connected to Heritage Green have contributed at least $5,000 to Republican Hanson's re-election campaign, exceeding Democrat Egor Emery's total contributions of $3,736.

Heritage Green is a subsidiary of Australia-based Aria Property International. The developer opened its office in downtown Orlando last year and has quickly moved forward with its project in Lake County on the Wekiva land.

The proposed Mount Dora Woods is showcased on the company's Web site as a family-friendly community five minutes from Mount Dora's historic downtown and 40 minutes from downtown Orlando with the future Wekiva Parkway access nearby.

Damian Winterburn, vice president of development research for Heritage Green, said the developer does not own any land in the Wekiva area yet. However, it is negotiating to buy about 500 acres.

Winterburn said Heritage Green wants development in the area to be better planned than in other parts of the county. He said creating a growth plan with landowners would promise more coordinated development so that growth does not continue in piecemeal fashion.

"It's like putting the pieces of a puzzle together," Winterburn said. "If you keep putting the pieces down with no overall plan, everyone is going to say it's ugly. But nobody ahead of time came in to say what it should look like."

Keith Schue, one of nine members on the advisory board, questioned whether Heritage Green is committed to leaving enough land undeveloped for parks, trails, wildlife habitat and recharge areas.

"I'm not impressed by what they described as conservation design," said Schue, referring to an April meeting at which company representatives presented the concept of "uncommon open space."

Nin-Hai Tseng can be reached at nhtseng@orlandosentinel.com or 352-742-5919.





Copyright (c) 2006, Orlando Sentinel | Get home delivery - up to 50% off 

Visit OrlandoSentinel.com

From:	Joe Frankenbeck <frankenbeck@msn.com>
Sent:	Sunday, July 16, 2006 2:45 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	[*] RE: Governor Jeb Bush's IN THE NEWS... Friday, July 14, 2006

please help with the senate race, we need another independent senator, not 
the liberal free spending tax raising Bill Nelson.  It needs your help & 
soon!!!!


>From: "Jeb Bush" <jeb.bush@myflorida.com>
>Reply-To: jeb.bush@myflorida.com
>To: "Jeb Bush" <jeb.bush@myflorida.com>
>Subject: Governor Jeb Bush's IN THE NEWS... Friday, July 14, 2006
>Date: Sun, 16 Jul 2006 07:19:32 -0400
>
>For those E-Newsletter recipients who have Adobe Acrobat reader, Governor
>Bush's e-newsletter is available in .PDF format by clicking here:
>
>http://www.flgov.com/in_the_news
>
>The text version of the e-newsletter is below.
>
>
>INAUGURAL MEETING OF SPACE FLORIDA BOARD OF DIRECTORS HELD IN TALLHASSEE
>
>On Monday, I chaired the inaugural meeting of the Space Florida Board of
>Directors.  Established by House Bill 1489, Space Florida houses the 
>state's
>existing space and aerospace entities and will coordinate all space-related
>issues in Florida.  The Space Florida board will provide leadership and
>advocacy and actively work to strengthen the state's position in the civil
>and military aerospace sectors. Space Florida was among the recommendations
>put forth by the Governor's Commission on Space and Aeronautics. Growing
>Florida's economy through the space and aerospace industries is critical to
>the state's long-term prosperity. Space Florida will lead our state's
>efforts to continue attracting aerospace businesses that create quality,
>high paying jobs for Floridians.
>
>
>ORLANDO HOSTS FIFTH ANNUAL JUST READ, FLORIDA! LEADERSHIP CONFERENCE
>
>On Monday, I joined more than 3,500 superintendents, principals, reading
>coaches and district staff for the fifth annual Just Read, Florida!
>Leadership Conference.   During the three-day conference, state and 
>national
>leaders, reading experts and guests share reading education strategies and
>best practices. Governor Bush was also joined today by Florida State Board
>of Education Chairman Philip Handy, Just Read, Florida! Director Evan
>Lefsky, Ph.D. and renowned author and screenwriter Antwone Fisher, who
>shared the importance of literacy and his personal struggle learning to
>read. Florida's commitment to high-quality instruction and accountability 
>is
>changing the statewide landscape, not only in our schools, but in our
>communities. I am proud that Florida leads the nation in rising student
>achievement and with each year our students are continuing to close the
>achievement gap. When education leaders, teachers and parents work together
>to ensure the success of our students, we contribute to the overall 
>strength
>and success of our state.
>
>
>FLORIDA REPORTS LOWEST CRIME RATE IN 35 YEARS
>
>On Tuesday, Florida Department of Law Enforcement Commissioner Jerry Bailey
>and I released the state's 2005 Annual Uniform Crime Report and announced
>Florida's index crime rate has reached a 35-year low.  The index crime rate
>dropped by 3.7 percent in 2005, compared to 2004. I applaud the hard work 
>of
>Florida's law enforcement officers who put their lives on the line each day
>to protect the residents of our state, and this report highlights the
>results of their efforts.  This report shows that staying tough on crime
>works.
>
>
>STATEWIDE LAW ENFORCEMENT RADIO SYSTEM FULLY IMPLEMENTED
>
>On Friday, I announced the full implementation the Statewide Law 
>Enforcement
>Radio System (SLERS).  SLERS gives more than 6,500 law enforcement officers
>the ability to communicate with their peers throughout the state using a
>central radio system.  With this new system, officers from various state
>agencies are able to effectively communicate with one another on one 
>system.
>By providing a single system, Florida is able to provide law enforcement
>officers responding to an emergency with a more efficient means of
>communications and the ability to talk to one another in real time.
>
>
>POINTS OF LIGHT AWARD PRESENTED TO THE DASIE BRIDGEWATER HOPE CENTER
>
>Congratulations!
>
>To read more about this week's winner, please click here:
>http://www.flgov.com/release/7989
>
>
>GOVERNOR BUSH'S 2006 LEGISLATIVE INITIATIVES
>
>Please visit www.govfloridaforum.com.
>
>____________________________________________________________________
>Volume 8, Issue 28
>Copyright(c) 2006 State of Florida
>
>If you would like to change your subscription or unsubscribe, please go to:
>http://www.myflorida.com/myflorida/subscribe.html
>
>
>Thank you.
>
>
>

_________________________________________________________________
Don’t just search. Find. Check out the new MSN Search! 
http://search.msn.click-url.com/go/onm00200636ave/direct/01/

From:	Justbally2@aol.com
Sent:	Sunday, July 16, 2006 2:39 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	cultural tyranny

Dear Governor Bush,
 
It seems your family has been in the fore front of destroying coastal fishing communities for a long time. Enclosed is a letter from a fisherman from Texas that tells all. Are you willing to deny civil rights to achieve your political goals? 
 
Richard Van Munster
Fishing For Freedom
  
Richard. You're a star.
 
Doug Lyons Sun Sentinel
 
-----Original Message-----
From: Jimmy Stanfield [mailto:jimmystanfield@gmail.com]
Sent: Tuesday, July 11, 2006 1:11 PM
To: Lyons, Doug
Subject: Fishing proponant


Dear Mr. Lyons,
My name is Jimmy Stanfield and I am a commercial fishermen (bay shrimper) in Texas. I have friends in Florida and have been following keenly the developing story of the struggle between Florida's commercial fishermen and the FWC. Thank you so much for that article about Mr.Van Munster. You are the first journalist I've ever read who would write about this, probably because, as you noted in the article, most people who fish for a living are not huggable lovable types. Sir the struggle that Florida's fishermen are going through is only a part of a bigger overall struggle against commercial fishing particularly in Florida and Texas. What makes Florida and Texas both unique is that only these states have given regulatory power to their state fish and wildlife agencies-FWC in Florida and Texas Parks and Wildlife Department (TPWD) in Texas. This was done at the insistance of a private lobbying group called the Coastal Conservation Association (CCA). It was started in the late 70's by Shell oil heir and friend of the Bush family named Walter Fondren. In Texas every big city has a road or building named  for the Fondren family, they are big philanthropists and very well connected to the highest of high society. Another founding member of CCA (a group dedicated to wiping out commercial fishing) was Perry Bass, of the famous Ft.Worth billionaire family, another obviously rich and very influential person. Sir these men pushed for TPWD to be given regulatory power and when that happened they got Mr.Bass appointed as a permanent member of the ten person commision that runs TPWD! In other words, a founding member of a group dedicated to wiping out commercial fishing was appointed to be in charge of the state agency that regulates commercial fishing! It's an almost laughable abuse of power and conflict of interest. You know, they joke about Texas' good old boy politics but the result has been anything but funny to many honest working people who have been cruelly and unjustly driven out of a livleihood.  As recently as ten years ago there were about 2000 working shrimp boats in Texas' bays, and today there are less than 200! Many of us have had to move to Louisiana to make a living. It has become so bad that I'll the word persecution to describe what they are doing to us. What if you got pulled over on your way to work every single day by the police? We do. What if they made you take a can of spray paint and deface your vehicle by painting FISH on it so they can identify us when we're driving and pull us over there as well? What's next, maybe make us wear a yellow star like the Nazis did to the Jews? Sir, I've gone on longer than I intended but the long and the short of it is that this is not a mere fisheries issue, it's an issue of equality under the law, and of the very principles of a democracy. Do we have government of the people, by the people and for the people, or can a bunch of rich good old boys just buy a government agency? I have a ton of materiel and documentation if you'd be interested and I know it would make an incredible story. If you're interested please let me know and I'll send you some stuff or you can call me at 409-948-0121. 
Thanks,
Jimmy

From:	William L. Thomson Jr. <wlt@obsidian-studios.com>
Sent:	Sunday, July 16, 2006 2:05 PM
To:	president@whitehouse.gov
Cc:	Governor Jeb Bush; Kravitz, Dick; secretaryofstate@dos.state.fl.us; ywt@cnn.com; inquiries@un.org; office2@hebron.org.il; letters@dailystar.com.lb; mail@btselem.org; feedback@mfa.gov.il
Subject:	The ONLY religious state

When a religious state is created in "holy" lands with indigenous people
that are then displaced by force for decades, spanning generations of
the indigenous people.

The result, "extremists". No Israel, no "extremists". The US at times
has only become a target due to our one sided, blind approach to Israel.

If Israel is to exist, it should not be as a religious state. If the
Jewish and Judaism are granted a state. What about the rest of the
religions?

If we are going to talk about the "root" of the problem, then let's do
that. Not beat around the bush with modern times. Yes Hezbollah provoked
it. However I am sure any soldier would happily give their life in
exchange for that of a fellow civilian from their country. 3 soldiers vs
how many innocents killed now? Damage to buildings, roads, power
stations etc. Much less the pathetic number of militants killed, or any
good it has done.

If the captured soldiers knew what was happening to Israeli citizens and
their daily fear now. Due to their own govt's over reaction. The
soldiers would be completely appalled.

If we are going to talk about the "root" of the problem. Why was Hamas,
Hezbollah, or any of the countless other anti-Israeli "terrorists"
organizations created in the first place? When were they created?

That is the root of the problem. Even if Hamas and Hezbollah no longer
exist, others will step up in their absence.

YOU HAVE TO ADDRESS THE REAL ROOT CAUSE, THE CREATION OF ISRAEL.

Interesting how Israel's capital is Jerusalem, but all embassies are in
Tel Aviv. Or how there are UN resolutions stating Jerusalem should be
internationalized.

What about the segregation wall going up in Bethlehem. If Arabs continue
to see the US who stands for justice. Not allowing them to seek justice
against Israel. Is only going to motivate, and provide fuel for future
"extremists"

For example, I could compose emails of my thoughts and send them out to
those that can effect action. If action is not taken over quite some
time. One might thing their voice is not being heard. Not that I would
ever, but it's pretty sad when that voice can get thrust into peoples
attention by an act of terrorism or extremism.

If we listen and act in the first place, we can reduce, diminish, and
possible eliminate the future extremists or terrorists.

These people are so passionate because of it all having to do with
religion. Completely unacceptable for the US to sponsor, and support a
religious state. The US has a separation of church and state. Why our
foreign policy does not reflect that.

An interview on CNN provided a reason there. They interviewed an Israeli
who lived in NY and move to Israel 28 years ago. If it weren't for all
the Jewish people who have moved to Israel since 1948, and 1900's. There
would be no problem.

The US needs to stop backing Israel, and let them deal with what they
have coming. Or we can stand side by side with our Jewish friends, as we
enter WWII, the Holy War. Muslims vs Jews. Christians having to decided
on a side.

With our soldiers in Iraq caught right in the middle. Horrible. If this
problem escalates. I will blame Israel 100%. That I will take to the
streets with others and protest.

I much prefer my tax dollars go to poor Arabs, than wealthy Israelis.

-- 
Sincerely,
William L. Thomson Jr.
Obsidian-Studios, Inc.
http://www.obsidian-studios.com

From:	bcpurvis@knology.net
Sent:	Sunday, July 16, 2006 1:08 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Cc:	beckydubya@yahoo.com
Subject:	Fwd: Read: 5 week old granddaughter

This is all I received.  Please respond to beckydubya@yahoo.com.

Sincerely:

Becky Webber
beckydubya@yahoo.com


------------- Forwarded message follows -------------

This is a multi-part message in MIME format.


Your message

  To:      Governor Jeb Bush
  Cc:      beckydubya@yahoo.com
  Subject: 5 week old granddaughter
  Sent:    Mon, 10 Jul 2006 17:54:53 -0400

was read on Tue, 11 Jul 2006 07:41:36 -0400

Final-Recipient: RFC822; Jeb.Bush@MyFlorida.com
Disposition: automatic-action/MDN-sent-automatically; displayed
X-MSExch-Correlation-Key: mEvYlIrXYEysWAuvyUdFeQ==
Original-Message-ID: <000601c6a46b$79dde900$15e3d618@Bobby>


From:	horsesrock@frontiernet.net
Sent:	Sunday, July 16, 2006 12:43 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	RE: manatees



one thing I'm NOT from Flordia I'm from Iowa


Quoting Governor Jeb Bush <Jeb.Bush@MyFlorida.com>:

>
> Thank you for sharing your views about the manatee.  I am forwarding 
> your comments to the attention of the Governor.
>
> The Governor wants to know how Floridians feel about the many 
> critical issues we face, and will keep your ideas in mind.  You might 
> also wish to contact your local legislators to inform them of your 
> views on this issue.  If a bill relating to your concerns comes 
> before the Governor for signature, he will remember your views.
>
> Again, thank you for writing.  Do not hesitate to write again on 
> matters of concern or interest to you.
>
> Sincerely,
>
> L. Wright
> Aide to the Governor
> Office of Citizens' Services
>
> -----Original Message-----
> From: horsesrock@frontiernet.net [mailto:horsesrock@frontiernet.net]
> Sent: Sunday, March 05, 2006 6:35 PM
> To: Governor Jeb Bush
> Subject: manatees
>
>
> please don't down list manatees
>
>



From:	Elisa <sunflr@tampabay.rr.com>
Sent:	Sunday, July 16, 2006 12:17 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	stop the insanity

You Governor Bush are in command and need to stop this
insanity.  Our waterfront property was our ace in the hole.
We worked all our lives, my husband and I to have a little something nice.  We worked hard  to have a little back up
for our retirement years.  Well here we are, in our retirement years and  up to our necks with the so called "INSURANCE",  you and your greedy collogues have taken away the AMERICAN DREAM.  You knew right from the start what this was going to cause.  You blame it on the Hurricanes, Well your appointed management to the Citizens Property Insurance blew in with empty pocket and blew out with overflowing wallet.  Your collogues have done more damage to this state than the Hurricanes.  At least Mother Nature is mercifull.  You have been hand in hand with the insurance companies and you knew what was going to happen.  You are in the perfect position to ingore all of our request for help.  You no longer need us because your term is soon to be expired, not soon enough. You are heartless.  Never will we and our neighbors  vote for a Republican again.  What the Republicans have done to this State of Florida and not to mention our Country is deplorable.
 
Elisa Williams
15631 Century Drive
Hudson, Florida 34667
 
If the good Lords will see fit, and give us a stroke of luck, we are out of here and headed for Georgia.
From:	72451 Nobody <nobody@sun62.state.fl.us>
Sent:	Sunday, July 16, 2006 12:06 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Comments from the One Florida Initiative Website

Please respond back to this email only if there is a email listed below.  Do not hit reply and respond back to the Email that's in the from box above.  Thanks.


NAME: annmarie kolb


ADDRESS: 7025 70th st north 


CITY: pinellas park


COUNTY: Pinellas


STATE: florida


ZIP: 33781


E-MAIL: annmarie118@tampabay.rr.com


SUBJECT: homeowners ins


COMMENTS: the price of homeowneds in so high we can not afford it, there has got to be something done about it. the common people cant afford it and florida is chasing us out of here. the people that has money can afford it but we can not the wages do not allow it , please do something to change it. im tired of liveing pay check to pay check something you would never know about!



From:	Chester Lee McWhorter <alarictgoth@gowebco.com>
Sent:	Sunday, July 16, 2006 11:47 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Cc:	Joyce Valentino
Subject:	For your info

FROM THE SOUTHERN GRAY BOOK.

THE SOUTH NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR SLAVERY

Neither the introduction of slaves into America nor their continued Importation can be Charged to the South. By Arthur H. Jennings, Chairman, Gray Book Com.

Undoubtedly, England, Spain, Dutch (and Portugal, see "The Slave Trade, by Hugh Thomas, ISBN 0-684-81063-8, Pub. By Simon & Schuster) were primarily and largely responsible for the introduction and earlier importation of slaves to this country. As Bancroft says, "The sovereigns of England and Spain were the greatest slave merchants in the world."

Later on, this country came into prominence in the traffic in human bodies and DuBois, the American negro historical writer says, "The American slave trade came to be carried on principally by United States capital, in United States ships, officered by United States citizens and under the United States flag."Supporting this, Dr. Phillips of Tulane University in his section of "The South in the Building of the Nation," states, "The great volume of the slave traffic from the earlier 17th century onward was carried on by English and Yankee vessels, with some competition from the French and the Dutch."

The responsibility for this home, or American, participation in the slave importing business rests primarily upon New England and likewise, very largely upon New York. It was a boast and a taunt of the pre-war days with pro-slavery orators that, "the North imported slaves, the South only bought them"—and historians assert that "there is some truth in the assertion." 

Indeed, it has been widely claimed that "No Southern man or Southern ship ever brought a slave to the United States," and while this statement is disputed (by Yankee’s) and is perhaps not strictly true according to the letter, it is undoubedly (sic) true in spirit, for the cases where a Southern man or Southern ship could be charged with importing slaves are few indeed, while New England, as well as New York, were openly and boldly engaged in the traffic, employing hundreds of ships in the nefarious business.

"Slavery," says Henry Watterson, in the Louisville Courier Journal, "existed in the beginning North and South. But the North finding slave labor unsuited to its needs (the slaves in cold weather could not work, & died at a great rate, thereby not being profitable), and, therefore, unprofitable, sold its slave to the South, not forgetting to pocket the money it got for them, having indeed at great profit brought them over from Africa in its ships.

Mr. Cecil Chesterman, a distinguished English historian, in his "History of the United States" says on this point, "The North had been the original slave traders. The African slave trade had been their particular industry. Boston itself had risen to prosperity on the profits of the abominable traffic."

The Marquis of Lothian, in his "Confederate Secession" makes the statement that "out of 1500 American slave traders, only five were from the South," but apparently this statement is contradicted later in his volume when he says, "out of 202 slavers entering the port of Charleston, S. C., in four years, 1796 to 1799 inclusive, 91 were English, 88 Yankees, 10 were French and 13 South.***"

Many indeed are the authorities that support the statement that the South did not import slaves. "Slavery," says Senator John W. Daniel of Virginia," was thrust on the South, an uninvited, aye, a forbidden guest" and Dr. Charles Morris, in his "History of Civilization," says "The institution of slavery was not of their making; it had been thrust upon their fathers against their violent opposition."

Mrs Sea, in her book, "The Synoptical Review of Slavery," says "I have heard the statement made, and gentlemen of the highest standing for scholarly attainment given as authority, that no Southern man ever owned a slave ship and that no slave ship handled by a Southern man ever brought a cargo of slaves from Africa."

Dr. Lyon G Tyler, the scholarly President of William and Mary College, Virginia, says, regarding this statement, "I am sure it can be said that no Southern man or Southern ship, as far as I know, engaged in the slave trade."

References to Southern ships or Southern men as engaged in the slave importing business are at least vague. The famous case of the "Wanderer," one of the most noted of slave trading vessel, is often mentioned and her ownership is credited to men of Charleston and Savannah (probably the men who originated from Jamaica), but even if this be true she was built New York, her captain was a New York man, and a member of the New York Yacht Club and the "Wanderer" sailed under the proud flag of that Club when she went to the Congo after slaves. Her captain was later expelled from the club for this offense.

The fact that there was domestic traffic in slaves, some of this domestic traffic being carried on through coastwise trading, seems to have confused some and induced them to believe the South engaged in the slave importing business. On the other hand, the responsibility of New England and New York for the almost exclusive monopoly of domestic participation in the slave importing business is most clearly established. Massachusetts looms largely to the front when investigation into this gruesome subject is pursued. The 1st slave ship of this country, the "Desire,"was fitted out in Massachusetts, and sailed for the coast of Africa from Marblehead., Massachusetts was the first of all the colonies to authorize the establishment of slavery by statute law, doing this some decades before her example was followed by any of the Southern colonies. The first statute establishing slavery in America is embodied in the Code of the Massachusetts Colony in New England, adopted in 1641, and it should be realized that slave trading in Massachusetts was not a private enterprise but was carried on by authority of the Plymouth Rock colony.

The Puritans early evinced a tendency to enslave Indian captives and sell them out of the country, and from that early day down to a period practically after the War Between the States had begun (for the last slave ship, the "Nightingale", sailing from Boston and fitted out there, with 700 slaves on board was captured at the mouth of the Congo River after the war had started) New England, with Massachusetts leading, stood preeminent in the slave trade.

Much of the prominence and wealth of these states was derived from the slave trade and the commercial importance of such towns as Newport, Rhode Island, was based entirely upon the (slave) traffic. It is stated that Faneuil Hall, the famous "Cradle of Liberty" where so many abolition speeches, denunciatory oh the South were made, was built with money earned in the slave traffic, as Peter Faneuil was actively engaged in it. "It was a traffic," says Dr. Phillips, in ‘The South in Building of the Nation,’ in whier (sic) highly honorable men like Peter Faneuil engaged and which the Puritans did not condemn in the Colonial period." Stephen Girard is another prominent philanthropist of the North who made money in slaves, working large numbers of them on a Louisiana sugar plantation which he owned, and it is asserted that Girard College was built with money earned by the labors of these slaves.

In fact, DuBois asserts that the New England conscience which would not allow slavery to flourish on the sacred soil of Massachusetts did not hesitate to seize the profits resulting from the rape of slaves from their African homes and their sale to Southern planters. But, according to John Adams, it was not a tender conscience but an economic reason upon the forbidding of slaves in Massachusetts was based, for he is quoted as saying, "Argument might have had some weight in the abolition of slavery in Massachusetts, but the real cause was the multiplication of laboring white people who no longer would suffer the rich to employ these sable rivals so much to their injury." Thomas Jefferson, who had introduced a scathing denunciation of, and protest against, (sic) the slave in the Declaration of Independence, withdrew it upon the insistence of Adams AND (my emphasis) other New Englanders, and he indulges in the following little bit of sarcasm at their expense, "our Northern friends who were tender under these censures, for, though their people have very few slaves, yet they had been considerable carriers of them to others."

Economic reasons were the base of abolition of slavery in New England. There is abundance of record to show dissatisfaction with negro labor, who were stated to be "eye servants, great thieves, much addicted to lying and stealing," and the superiority of white labor was brought prominently forward. Furthermore, the mortality of the negroes in the cold New England climate (and several months out of the yr, they were not workable due to cold & snow) was great and figures were brought forward to show how their importation into the section was not "profitable." Governor Dudley in a formal report in 1708 stated "negroes have been found unprofitable investments, the planters preferring white servants."

Boston was all along prominent in the slave trade, the "Continental Monthly" of New York, as late as January, 1862, being quoted as saying, "The city of New York has been until late {1862} the principal port of the world for this infamous traffic, the cities of Portland and Boston being only second to her in that distinction," "Slave dealers," it continues, "added much to the wealth of our metropolis."

Vessels from Massachusetts, Rhode Island, Connecticut, and New Hampshire were early and largely engaged in the slave trade, and it is a very significant that while duties, more or less heavy, were imposed upon the imported slaves in Southern harbors, and other harbors of the country, the ports of New England were offered as a free exchange mart for slavers.

New England citizens were traders by instinct and profession, and with the birth oh commerce in the New World they eagerly turned to the high profits of the African slave trade and made it a regular business. The "Hartford Courant" in an issue of July, 1916, said, "Northern rum had much to do with the extension of slavery in the South. Many people in this state {Connecticut} as well as in Boston, made snug fortunes for themselves by sending rum to Africa to be exchanged for slaves and then selling the slaves to the planters of Southern states."

Rhode Island at an early date had 150 vessels engaged in the slave trade, while at a later date, when New York had loomed to the front of the trade, the New York "Journal of Commerce" is quoted as saying, "Few of our readers are aware of the extent to which this infernal traffic is carried on by vessels clearing from New York and down town merchants of wealth and respectability are engaged extensively in buying and selling African negroes, and have been for an indefinite number of years."

As early as 1711 a slave market was established in New York City in the neighborhood of Wall street where slaves from Africa were brought to supply the Southern market. There was another one permanent slave market in Boston. The slaves were hurried into the South as fast as possible as hundreds died from cold and exposure and the sudden change from the tropic African climate to a bleak Northern temperature. The United States Dept. Marshall for that New York district reported in 1856 that "the business of fitting out slavers was never prosecuted with greater energy than at present." In a year preceding the War Between the States eighty-five slave trading vessels are as fitting out in New York harbor and DuBois writes that, "from 1850 to 1860 the fitting out of slavers became a flourishing business in the United States and centered in New York City." 

Although Massachusetts and New York were thus prominent in the business of enslaving and importing Africans and selling them to South America and the Southern colonies, and later the Southern states in the Union, other parts of New England took most prominent part in the slave trade. Indeed, in the "Reminiscences of Samuel Hopkins," Rhode Island is said to have been "more deeply interested in the slave trade than any other colony in New England and has enslaved more Africans."

Thus beginning with that first slave ship of this country, the "Desire" of Marblehead, Mass., the slave trade flourished in New England and New York. The favorite method was to exchange rum for negroes and to sell the negroes to the Southern plantations. Federal laws were powerless to hold in check the keeness for this profitable traffic in human flesh. As late as 1850, the noted slave smuggler, (and sometimes pirate) Drake, who flourished and operated along the Gulf Coast, is reported to have said, "Slave trading is growing more profitable every year and if you should hang all Yankee merchants engaged in it, hundreds more would take their places."

The outlawing of the traffic seemed but to stimulate it. From the very inception of the institution of slavery in this country there was protest and action against it throughout the Southern colonies. The vigorous action of Virginia and her protests to the royal government to prohibit the further importation of slaves to her territory are well known. We have seen how Jefferson introduced into the Declaration of Independence a protest against the slave trade which he withdrew at the behest of New England. Every prominent man in Virginia at this period was in favor of a gradual emancipation and there were more than five times as many members of abolition societies in the South than in the North. Only with the rise of the rabid abolitionists of New England and their fierce denunciations of the South did the South abandon hope of gradual emancipation. Touching this, Mr. Cecil Chesterman, quoted above, states very pointedly in his "History of the United States," "what could exceed the effrontery of men", asked the Southerner, "who reproach us with grave personal sin in owning property which they themselves sold us and the price of which is at this moment in their pockets?"Virginia legislated against slavery over a score of times: South Carolina protested against it as early as 1727, and in Georgia there was absolute prohibition of it by law. Let it be remembered that when the National Government took action and the slavery prohibition laws of Congress went into effect in 1808, every Southern state had (already) prohibited it.

But, as stated, the outlawing of the traffic seemed but to stimulate it. In the earlier years of the 19th century thousands of slaves were imported into this country. In the year 1819, Gen. James Talmadge, speaking in the House of Representatives, declared: "It is a well known fact that about 11,000 slaves have been brought into our country this year."And Sergeant, of Pennsylvania, said: "It is notorious that in spite of the utmost vigilance that can be employed, African negroes are clandestinely brought in and sold as slaves." This "vigilance" he speaks of, however, was much ridiculed by others, and it was openly hinted that the efforts of the Federal Authorities to suppress the trade, even the look-out for slavers along the African coast as conducted by vessels of the United States Navy, were merely perfunctory. Blake in his "History of Slavery and the Slave Trade," published in 1857, says: "It is stated upon good authority that in 1844 (may be 1811) more slaves were carried away from Africa in ships than in 1744 when the trade was legal and in full vigor:"while in the year immediately preceding the opening of the War Between the States, John (?) Underwood is quoted as writing to the New York Tribune: "I have ample evidence of the fact that the reopening of the African slave trade is an accomplished fact and the traffic is brisk." Not only was the traffic brisk with the United States but thousands of slaves were being smuggled into Brazil.

Southern members of Congress complained of the violations of the law and the illegal importation of slaves into their territory. Smith, of South Carolina, said on the floor of Congress in 1819: "Our Northern friends are not afraid to furnish the Southern States with Africans:" and in 1819, Middleton, of South Carolina, and Wright, of Virginia, estimated the illicit introduction of slaves at from 1300 to 1500 respectively.

There is interest in the striking fact that one year before the outbreak of the War Between the States, and at the time when the rabid abolitionists of New England and the North were most vigorous in their denunciations of the South and slave holders, there were in Massachusetts only 9000 free negroes, while in Virginia there were 53,000 of these negroes, free, and able to go where they pleased: and it is significant that about as many free negroes chose to live in Southern slave holding states as dwelt in Northern states; and as many of these free negroes owned slaves themselves and were well-to-do citizens. In the city of Charleston, S. C., some three hundred free negroes owned slaves themselves.

In closing this article the following letter, which appeared in the columns of the New Orleans Picayune years ago, may be of interest:

"My father, Capt. John Guthrie, then of the United States Navy, while executive officer of the sloop of war "Saratoga" on April 21st, 1861, captured at the mouth of the Congo River, on the west coast of Africa, the slave ship ‘Nightingale’ with 900 slaves aboard. The slaver was owned, manned and equipped in the city of Boston, Mass., and in reference to the date it will appear that her capture was after the assault on Fort Sumter and the Baltimore riot consequent upon the passage of the 6th Massachusetts Regiment through the city. This was the last slaver captred (sic) by an American war ship and as my father soon after resigned and went in to the Confederate service, her captain and owners were never brought to trial. All this is a matter of record on file at the Navy Department in Washington. Thus it will be seen that the last capture of a slaver was by a Southern officer and the good people of Massachusetts were ngaged (sic) in this nefarious business at the beginning of our unhappy war."

	(Signed) J. Julius Guthrie,

Portsmouth, Va.

Too long has the South had the odium of slavery forced upon her. With the institution thrust upon her against her protest, the slaves flourished in her boundaries on account of climate, and economic conditions favored the spread of the institution itself. The facts set forth above indicate the innocence of the South in foisting this feature upon our national life, as well as her freedom from guilt in the continued importation of slaves into this country. While no claim is made for special virtue in that the South did not engage in the slave IMPORTING (Emphasis added) business as the North did, yet the facts as they are to her credit. With the facts in her favor, the South sits still under the false indictments constantly made against her by the section of our country most responsible for the whole trouble. Willing to abide by the verdict of posterity, if the verdict id based upon the truth, and not upon the false statements of Northern historians, writers, (teachers trained in northern schools), and speakers, and willing to accept her share, her full share of due responsibility, in this section, in justice to her dead who died gloriously in a maligned cause, and to her unborn children, inheritors of a glorious heritage, must set forth to the world the facts as they are, neither tainted with injustice to others nor burdened with hypocritical claims of righteousness for herself; and these facts will establish her in the proud position to which she has all along been entitled among the people of the earth.

Note: Read "The Slave Trade", by Hugh Tomas, Pub by Simon & Schuster, ISBN: 0-684-81063-8 and "Black Slave Owners, Free Black Slave Masters in South Carolina, 1790 - 1860.", Pub by University of South Carolina Press, Columbia, S. C., By Larry Koger, ISBN: 1-57003-037-5, and "Black Southerners in Gray"., Series editor John McGlone, Journal of Confederate History Series, Pub by Southern Heritage Press of Murfreesboro,Tenn. ISBN: 0-9631963-0-8.

From:	Jan Bergemann <janberg@att.net>
Sent:	Sunday, July 16, 2006 10:48 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Community Associations bill was sop to special interests

CCFJ, Inc, Dispatch -- Please Distribute Widely! 
July 16, 2006
 
Dear Governor Jeb Bush, Dear Legislators, Friends and Members,
see below my letter to the editor that was published in today's Palm Beach Post. I guess the letter says it all? 
Homeowners really can't thank the Governor enough for vetoing this bill. 
Amazingly enough, the groups that pushed this bill and were enthusiastic when both House and Senate approved it, were awfully quiet after the veto. They should have minimum had the courtesy to inform their e-mail lists that the bill was vetoed. Many board members still seem to think that it passed and its provisions are effective since July 1, 2006! But that's the nature of the beast -- it seems?
It's like Robert Schulbaum claiming to applaud the veto of HB 391 by the Governor after being one of its fiercest supporters. Who likes to be on the losing end?

Have a great Sunday!
 
Jan Bergemann, President
Cyber Citizens For Justice, Inc.
http://www.ccfj.net/
  _____  

Community Associations bill was sop to special interests

I would like to thank Post staff writer Dara Kam for her story about Gov. Bush's veto of the community associations bill, HB 391 ("Governor vetoes bill regulating associations," June 28). 

This bill was written by service providers, namely the Community Associations Leadership Lobby, the lobbying arm of the law firm Becker & Poliakoff. Knowing where this bill was coming from, it was obvious from Day One that it was not consumer-friendly. Rep. Carl Domino, R-Jupiter, surely didn't consider his constituents' welfare when sponsoring this special-interest bill.

As usual, this bill was promoted by so-called community leaders such as Sandy Greenberg of the Coalition of Boynton West Residential Associations (COBWRA) and Robert Schulbaum of the Delray Alliance, who cloak their political amibition in the cover of representing the homeowners in their districts. 

But when the tide turned and the governor vetoed this bill, Mr. Schulbaum was quoted in the article as "being thrilled about this veto, because it would add nothing to the management of associations." But it would have added big-time to the wallets of specialized attorneys. That's why the governor vetoed it.

These so-called community leaders prove daily that they don't know what they are talking about. Did Mr. Schulbaum forget that he was one of the bill's main supporters, who announced that they were thrilled that it passed House and Senate?

As long as we owners fail to unite and make an organized effort to create insurance and association reforms, we will not see any changes. More of our neighbors will lose their homes to outrageous insurance premiums and frivolous lawsuits. We just can't rely on these so-called community leaders who will sell us out for political gain at the next opportune moment.

JAN BERGEMANN, president 
Cyber Citizens For Justice
Deland
From:	debra forbes <selenamaroo@cox.net>
Sent:	Sunday, July 16, 2006 9:29 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Forced to move out of Florida

Dear Mr Bush,
     Because of the high prices of insurance and taxes my family can not afford to live in this state.
     The houses are to expensive, the rents are to high. In Okaloosa County they are the best schools for my child, but now we must leave for her high school years and change her to a different school in a different state.
     Please work on this or we are going to have an empty state. The employers are not paying enough money for people to make ends meet. I do know that you care and hopefully we can all come up with a solution.
 
     Sincerely yours,
     Debra Forbes
From:	knikert@bellsouth.net
Sent:	Sunday, July 16, 2006 9:13 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Re: Governor Jeb Bush's IN THE NEWS... Friday, July 14, 2006

theresa salzer and russell salzer 10431 calico warbler ave. brooksville, fl. 34613 we are for the fair tax. We believe it will help Americans!!!
> 
> From: "Jeb Bush" <jeb.bush@myflorida.com>
> Date: 2006/07/16 Sun AM 07:19:32 EDT
> To: "Jeb Bush" <jeb.bush@myflorida.com>
> Subject: Governor Jeb Bush's IN THE NEWS... Friday, July 14, 2006
> 
> For those E-Newsletter recipients who have Adobe Acrobat reader, Governor
> Bush's e-newsletter is available in .PDF format by clicking here:
> 
> http://www.flgov.com/in_the_news
> 
> The text version of the e-newsletter is below.
> 
> 
> INAUGURAL MEETING OF SPACE FLORIDA BOARD OF DIRECTORS HELD IN TALLHASSEE
> 
> On Monday, I chaired the inaugural meeting of the Space Florida Board of
> Directors.  Established by House Bill 1489, Space Florida houses the state's
> existing space and aerospace entities and will coordinate all space-related
> issues in Florida.  The Space Florida board will provide leadership and
> advocacy and actively work to strengthen the state's position in the civil
> and military aerospace sectors. Space Florida was among the recommendations
> put forth by the Governor's Commission on Space and Aeronautics. Growing
> Florida's economy through the space and aerospace industries is critical to
> the state's long-term prosperity. Space Florida will lead our state's
> efforts to continue attracting aerospace businesses that create quality,
> high paying jobs for Floridians.
> 
> 
> ORLANDO HOSTS FIFTH ANNUAL JUST READ, FLORIDA! LEADERSHIP CONFERENCE
> 
> On Monday, I joined more than 3,500 superintendents, principals, reading
> coaches and district staff for the fifth annual Just Read, Florida!
> Leadership Conference.   During the three-day conference, state and national
> leaders, reading experts and guests share reading education strategies and
> best practices. Governor Bush was also joined today by Florida State Board
> of Education Chairman Philip Handy, Just Read, Florida! Director Evan
> Lefsky, Ph.D. and renowned author and screenwriter Antwone Fisher, who
> shared the importance of literacy and his personal struggle learning to
> read. Florida's commitment to high-quality instruction and accountability is
> changing the statewide landscape, not only in our schools, but in our
> communities. I am proud that Florida leads the nation in rising student
> achievement and with each year our students are continuing to close the
> achievement gap. When education leaders, teachers and parents work together
> to ensure the success of our students, we contribute to the overall strength
> and success of our state.
>       
> 
> FLORIDA REPORTS LOWEST CRIME RATE IN 35 YEARS
> 
> On Tuesday, Florida Department of Law Enforcement Commissioner Jerry Bailey
> and I released the state's 2005 Annual Uniform Crime Report and announced
> Florida's index crime rate has reached a 35-year low.  The index crime rate
> dropped by 3.7 percent in 2005, compared to 2004. I applaud the hard work of
> Florida's law enforcement officers who put their lives on the line each day
> to protect the residents of our state, and this report highlights the
> results of their efforts.  This report shows that staying tough on crime
> works.
> 
> 
> STATEWIDE LAW ENFORCEMENT RADIO SYSTEM FULLY IMPLEMENTED
> 
> On Friday, I announced the full implementation the Statewide Law Enforcement
> Radio System (SLERS).  SLERS gives more than 6,500 law enforcement officers
> the ability to communicate with their peers throughout the state using a
> central radio system.  With this new system, officers from various state
> agencies are able to effectively communicate with one another on one system.
> By providing a single system, Florida is able to provide law enforcement
> officers responding to an emergency with a more efficient means of
> communications and the ability to talk to one another in real time.
> 
> 
> POINTS OF LIGHT AWARD PRESENTED TO THE DASIE BRIDGEWATER HOPE CENTER
> 
> Congratulations!
> 
> To read more about this week's winner, please click here: 
> http://www.flgov.com/release/7989
> 
> 
> GOVERNOR BUSH'S 2006 LEGISLATIVE INITIATIVES
> 
> Please visit www.govfloridaforum.com.
>        
> ____________________________________________________________________
> Volume 8, Issue 28
> Copyright(c) 2006 State of Florida
>  
> If you would like to change your subscription or unsubscribe, please go to:
> http://www.myflorida.com/myflorida/subscribe.html
> 
> 
> Thank you.
> 
> 
> 
> 

From:	Mark Hiigel <scan95@gmail.com>
Sent:	Saturday, July 15, 2006 11:57 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Letter of Thank-you

Mark Hiigel
10229 SummerLake ct
Mobile, AL 36608-8490


July 15, 2006

The Honorable Jeb Bush
Governor of Florida
The Capitol, 400 S. Monroe St.
Tallahassee, FL 32399-0001


Dear Governor Bush:

Govenor Bush,

Thank-you for your efforts to help promote initiatives that allow law 
abiding gun owners more options when they choose to legally carry a 
handgun.  I often point to Florida as the role model for whom other states 
should imulate.  I'm often saddened by the fact that people must arm 
themselves to protect their families.  As a parent with young kids I feel 
my options for retreat from others' aggressions, is severely limited.  
Thank-you for making it legally possible for me to protect my family from 
people who would carry and use guns regardless of the laws.  I hope and 
pray I never run into a circumstance that would require me to use deadly 
force.  It should always be a last option, but I'm glad to see there are 
states like Florida that recognize there is a need, however slight, to 
have this option available.

Sincerely,


Mark Hiigel
251.243.2331


From:	Laurie Lakhani <laurie@dolphinbeach.com>
Sent:	Saturday, July 15, 2006 8:26 PM
To:	President George Bush; Congressman Young; Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Condemn Israeli Attacks on Civilians

As citizens, we are appalled and disappointed that our country has not condemned Israel for using excessive force in Lebanon and Gaza, as France, Greece, and E.U. countries have.
 
As taxpayers, we object to our taxes being used to support the killings of innocent human beings in Lebanon and Gaza via our aid to Israel.
 
We strongly urge that our government pressures Israel in accepting the ceasefire agreement that Lebanon has proposed.
 
Sincerely,
 
Nizar and Laurie Lakhani
From:	vicki shaffer <furbygirl30@yahoo.com>
Sent:	Saturday, July 15, 2006 8:18 PM
To:	Jeb Bush 2; Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Dominique Hanks wheelchair replacement - URGENT NEED FOR A TERRI CHAMPION!

Dear friends and fellow Terri Supporters,
 
It is quite interesting that Michael Schiavo could fraud Medicaid and Medicare, but a woman who needs help can not get help in the same state. Yes I am talking about Florida again. I am calling on everyone's help to help this woman including The Schindler family and Governor Bush. I don't know how to navigate the Florida system. I need ways that I and others can help this woman. Apparently she worked at some point in her life and that is being held against her.
Here is a letter from Dominique herself.
I just got information from the place my father had called, and the lady told me that they will not help in obtaining a new wheelchair because most places will not take "on assignment" so I would have to pay up front - that is possibly between 9 thousand or more dollars.  She obvious felt bad, so called but that is the way it is. 
 
It is no wonder people with disabilities are afraid to work. If you have any ideas or can help this lady please let me know.
 
Sincerely,
Vicki L. Shaffer 
ADAPT WV 



Vicki
 
To read about Terri Schindler-Schiavo order the book Our fight4terri at www.fight4terri.com. We must keep up the fight for people with disabilities, and FREE OUR PEOPLE!


  _____  

Talk is cheap. Use Yahoo! Messenger to make PC-to-Phone calls. Great rates starting at 1¢/min.
From:	dwjeanes@comcast.net
Sent:	Saturday, July 15, 2006 8:12 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Control the Spending

Saturday, July 15, 2006

David Jeanes
11911 NW 31st ST
Sunrise FL, 

John Bush
Executive Office of the Governor        
The Capitol                             
Tallahassee          FL, 32399-0001

RE: Control the Spending

Get the government out of private lives and stop legislation that inhibits free enterprise. I want less regulation. Streamline statutory code and stop punishing non-violent private behaviour.  My vote is reserved for friends of rights, not friends of censorship and those who want to control private non-violent behaviour. 

Many government programs are full of waste and abuse and many more are simply ineffective at their mission.  Many more ruin lives without good reason.

Eminent domain must be stopped.

Sincerely, 
David Jeanes

From:	rshall@bellsouth.net
Sent:	Saturday, July 15, 2006 8:01 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Sea Plane Service

Governor Bush,

My names is Richard S. Hall, U.S. Naval Aviation, Retired.

I was a flight cadet in Corpus Christy around the same time your Dad was there. Our Pix are in the Slipstream yearbook.

I was intrigued by the article in one of the NYC papers from June 19, 2006,
which discusses Mayor Bloomberg's interest in bringing back flying boat services to N.Y.
Harbor.

I thought  that Florida might have the similar plans.

I feel that my experience flying seaplanes for the U.S. Navy as a pilot and a
private sector marketing consultant may be of some service to you and your
staff regarding this initiative.

Please feel free to contact me via my contact information provided below.

My email is rshall@bellsouth.net

You may contact me in Florida at 772-219-9778.

Best regards,

Richard S. Hall, U.S.N. Retired

From:	Claude E. Farrior <eddie542@msn.com>
Sent:	Saturday, July 15, 2006 7:51 PM
To:	Peaden, Durell; info@baxley4florida.com; Governor Jeb Bush; President@WhiteHouse.gov; no-reply@congress.org; Bill@billnelson.senate.gov
Cc:	jo542@msn.com; eddie542@msn.com
Subject:	Important message from DeFuniak Springs resident!!

Importance:	High

Another attempt to get some help or at least fair or equal treatment and I 
hope that it is not in vane!!


Senator Peaden here is the letter that my Wife wanted me to forward to You, 
Please read it and understand that I am at least waist deep in alligators 
and need some help, according to Becky in Senator Lee's office I have made 
some good points and at the very least should be able to get a clearance 
letter from Florida so that I can get a driver license in Alabama and have 
at least something like a life. Also according to Becky, You are the Man to 
get something done for me, She said that Ya'll were a very good bunch of 
people and might be able to help me. I very desperately hope so and very 
anxiously await hearing from You. Thanks for anything that You can do.
Very Sincerely Yours
Claude E. Farrior
eddie542@msn.com
603/978-4843--work cell phone
850/892-5291--Wifes home phone
57 Blue Gill Loop DeFuniak Springs, Florida,32433--Wifes home address


    From: "Glenda Farrior" <jo542@msn.com>
To: eddie542@msn.com
Subject: Senator
Date: Thu, 13 Jul 2006 17:48:00 -0500


July 14,2006

Dear Mr. Peadon,

I am sending you a letter that my husband sent off to a lot of offices in 
the Government, in hopes of getting some kind of response or help in this 
matter. There is so much involved that it would be nice to be able to sit 
down and talk to you about it rather than trying to explain it all,in this 
letter.
Today I had  phone call from Senator Tom Lee's office in response to this. A 
very nice lady named Becky called and said the letter was very interesting 
and had a lot of strong points. She agreed that what he said was true and 
that we should contact you here in our District, that someone could and 
needs to help us. My husband is not a criminal and has a right to make a 
living whether it is here in our home state or somewhere else. When I told 
Senator Lee's office about no one can assist us any further is the only 
thing we keep hearing, I was asked like who? For one the DMV because of the 
old Dui records from 20 years ago.The other the Assistant States Attorney 
here who seemed like he understood how important it was for my husband to be 
able to have a license in order to keep his job by terminating his probation 
and all, saying he could go to another State and get a license. I am sure 
that the State Attorney knew he was doing us no favors as he had to know 
without a letter of clearance this could not be possible. Which he will not 
help us get, instead he sends me a letter threatening to put my husband in 
jail if he returns to Florida, but that is where it makes no sense. All that 
that accomplished was he is threatened every day by losing his job if he 
cannot get a license,His family is here in Florida, but he cannot move them 
not knowing what tomorrow will bring and now he cannot even live in his home 
state unless he wants to go to jail. It seems like a pretty stupid and 
severe punishment here. It seems like the State is trying to make a criminal 
out of a hard working honest citizen. Anyway please read his letter and 
hopefully it will touch you as it did Senator Lee.
Thank You for your time,
Sincerely
Glenda Farrior
57 Blue Gill Loop
DeFuniak Springs, Florida 32433
850/892 5291

My Husbands letter and one more to another person follows:


                                      PARDON ME, PLEASE!!!!

Dear Governor Bush, President Bush or anybody that can understand, care or 
especially, possibly HELP!!!!: I am writing this letter in an attempt to 
save my life, it is true that I am not on death row even though it feels 
like it, because the State of Florida has sentenced me, and wrongly so in 
many people's opinion, a life of nothing by the possibility of causing me to 
lose my job due to refusing to work with me on my license matter, it is 
true, and I appreciate it, that the Assistant State Attorney in my 
County(Walton county-Florida) offered to release me from the probation and 
jail time and etc. if I agreed to leave the state of Florida and get a 
license in another state(sounds sort of like an old western doesn’t it!) , 
which I believe that the assistant state attorney knew would not be possible 
due to Florida's details on the national drivers register and refusing to 
give a release to the register so that I could get a license in another 
state and the assistant state attorney also answered a letter from my Wife 
with a threat to re-instate the already removed probation and jail time if I 
ever came back to Florida, my home!! There is no way that I can move my 
Family or ask them to relocate as long as I do not even know how long I will 
be able to keep my job unless I can secure a driver license, which I have 
discovered that several states will issue said license if Florida will give 
a letter of release on the register. So now I have to support two households 
(I can barely afford to support one) in an attempt to find a state that will 
issue me a license to drive which is what I have to get in order to retain 
my job. It is true, I was charged with drinking and driving, which I would 
venture to say that the majority of the population of this country has done 
from time to time, ESPECIALLY some politicians that You all know and I will 
not mention any names, but didn't get caught or punished to any degree. But 
I did not and never have had any alcohol related accident (unlike some 
politicians that we all know), hurt anyone else(unlike some politicians that 
we all know), NOR myself, speed or anything except weave when my motorcycles 
foot peg came loose and flopped down where I could not get my foot on it, I 
thought that it had broke off and was lost as it was late at night and I 
just wanted to get home (I also have a sworn statement from my Son-in-law, 
who went and drove it home for me the next day and He had problems driving 
it too, as anyone would have). I am asking for a pardon so as to be able to 
get a license in another state and call it home, since the State of 
Florida(and I am a native Floridian) doesn't seem to want such a dangerous 
criminal, You know what I mean here, I have had a few dui's so Florida 
doesn't want my tax dollars anymore and etc., I am not and never have been a 
criminal, I have worked hard all of my adult life so far and paid a lot of 
taxes and obeyed the law, in other words a good citizen and now over 
something that is politically motivated by a special interest group and the 
state deciding to change some laws(some years back and without the popular 
vote by We the People) I am a criminal!! Since it is obviously so easy for 
this state to make new or change old laws, why can’t they make a new law to 
allow such apparently unwanted and dangerous criminals like me to get a 
license in another state as long as I don’t drive in this state anymore, 
quite unjust and against my rights but at least a chance to save my job and 
have a life and at least some freedoms that all American citizens should be 
able to do!! I have made calls in many other states as I travel for work 
that do not consider DUI’s as felonies, unless there is personal injury to 
another party which is understandable, some states treat all DUI’s as 
misdemeanors, and there is one that I checked with that stated that drinking 
and driving is not a crime!! PLEASE give me a release and let me try to save 
what life I have left ( I am already 56 years old, not much of a threat in 
anyway to anybody) in a different state, hopefully a state that still 
respects our Constitution and our rights as American citizens, instead of 
making us all criminals, except the chosen few with powerful names or 
positions!
    In closing, please grant me a pardon, reprieve, expungement, stay of 
execution, political immunity or something so that I will at least have a 
fighting chance as I have done all that the state ordered me to do and have 
taken my punishment even as hard as it was to find time and money and 
someone to drive me around to get them done. Also, please understand that I 
am sure that there are thousands of illegal immigrants and actual criminals 
out there with a driver license and a life!!
Very Sincerely Yours
Claude E. Farrior
Eddie542@msn.com
Eddie542@hotmail.com
603/978-4843
850/892-5291—Wife’s home phone number (hopefully nobody will run Her out of 
town!)
Wife’s mailing address—57 Blue Gill Loop
                                        DeFuniak Springs
                                        Florida   32433

Here is the one sent to Sandra Lambert in the DMV office:

Dear Sandra Lambert this is just in case You did not get the previous one, 
for some reason the address did not look just right in the list below. Sorry 
if it is repetitive but I wanted to be sure that You get it. Thanks.
Claude E. Farrior
eddie542@msn.com


   From: "Glenda Farrior" <jo542@msn.com>
To: eddie542@msn.com, dlgov@hsmv.state.fl.us, jo542@msn.com
Subject: RE:
Date: Thu, 13 Jul 2006 08:53:21 -0500




   From: "Claude E. Farrior" <eddie542@msn.com>
To: jo542@msn.com, eddie542@msn.com
Subject: RE:
Date: Wed, 12 Jul 2006 20:05:20 -0500





Dear SANDRA C. LAMBERT in the first case, I did NOT voluntarily surrender my 
license, I got a letter from the DMV stating that I had to go to the local 
office and give them my license!! In the second case, I was convicted of a 
3rd this last time not a 4th and then was released by the assistant state 
attorney from my probation and jail time and etc. so that I could leave the 
state of Florida and get a license in another state, this is what He was 
willing to do in order to help me save my job, according to Him. It is 
obvious, by this action on His part, that I am not a criminal and do not 
deserve this death sentence and I say death sentence because if I lose my 
job it will be the same as losing everything that I have worked hard to get, 
paid taxes, voted, obeyed the law and was in general a good citizen and now 
due to laws that cater to special interest groups not only am I turned into 
a criminal but my Wife and every member of my Family, whether directly or 
indirectly, are being hurt and condemned too!!! Not, in my opinion and the 
opinion of many other people that I have told about it, fair, just or in 
anyway right in a free country, I should say a supposedly free country and I 
say this because I have never hurt anyone else, never had an alcohol related 
accident and I was on my motorcycle which would eliminate any chance of me 
hurting someone else or causing any personal or state property damage or 
anything of this nature so why not make the punishment fit the so called 
offense. I have recently heard of a case right here that the person was 
convicted of a 4th DUI and got a fine, a few days in jail, 1 year suspension 
of driving privilege and supposedly misdemeanor probation, sort of light 
compared to what I got and He was driving a car or truck which would be a 
lot more dangerous than me on my motorcycle, but I also heard that He was 
well known or important, maybe He had friends in high places, maybe in the 
DMV!! Don't know, don't care, I just think that I would rather pay a fine 
and consider all that I have already been through as more than enough 
punishment and be able to come home, get my driving privilege back and maybe 
even be able to salvage part of the rest of my life.
I understand what you say about having the courts change something in the 
records for what ever reason and then I could be reinstated, well that is 
not happening.As I went back to court and the Judge said he convicted me on 
the third,but the State Attorney who terminated my probation so that I could 
go to another state and get a license so that I would not lose my job, said 
he would not do anything to help me further. Knowing I can not get a license 
without a clearance and now sends my wife a letter stating I cannot even 
live in Florida.It is like get the hell out of my State and I don't care 
what happens to you or your family. I after all this could care less about 
ever living in Florida again,but I have a family to support, that I cannot 
even move because soon enough I will be unemployed, unless I get a drivers 
license.I see that I can never live in Florida or drive there again, so all 
that I ask is ban me from my home and my family, but give me a clearance 
letter to take to another state, which already said they would license me 
with this letter, so that I may continue to go on living like a human being 
and have my family with me. This is Florida's law, not all States agree with 
this, and since I cannot live in Florida, I cannot see any reason for not 
sending me a letter of clearance to give to another State, instead of saying 
how much you regret not being able to assist me any further! Sounds nice, 
but we all know anything can be done if you have enough money or know the 
right person.

And finally here is the letter from Sandra Lambert from the DMV.

Dear Mr. Farrior:

Governor Bush received your recent e-mail regarding the status of your
driving privilege and asked that we respond.

As we have previously advised you on June 8, 2006, our records indicate
that your driving privilege has been revoked indefinitely, effective
February 7, 2005, for driving under the influence (DUI) and canceled
indefinitely, effective March 10, 2005, for voluntarily surrendering
your driver license.

Florida law requires the court to permanently revoke the driving
privilege of a person who has been convicted four or more times for
driving under the influence if even one of the convictions occurred
after July 1, 1982.  Unfortunately, all four of your convictions for
driving under the influence were after this date.

However, Florida law will allow reinstatement of a license after three
DUIs. Therefore, you may petition to the court to reopen one of the
cases in the county where you received the DUIs. If the Walton County
Court, telephone number (850) 892-8118, will set aside the DUI
conviction for any reason and provide the department with court
certified documentation we will advise you about the reinstatement
procedures.

A pardon will only restore a person's civil rights; it does not erase
the history of any alcohol-related offense or provide for an exemption
under the law against drinking and driving.

We regret that we are unable to provide you any further assistance in
this matter.

Sincerely,

SANDRA C. LAMBERT, Director
Division of Driver Licenses


From:	robert madrigal <madto86@hotmail.com>
Sent:	Saturday, July 15, 2006 7:13 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Homeland security Officer

Mr Jeb bush listen this is just a little man in the towing pole? Listen sir, I'm a veteran and also i work for the security of a very high international airport and it's called Miami International Airport and I  desperately rely on the cell phon ewhen we officers have a down communication signal and then the last resort is our private phone cell phones and then they cut our cell phones off after we have pleaded with the phone companies to give us a extended time of payment and now I feel I'm out of th eloop on th esecurity measures for such a Mayor airport? I think Mr. Jeb Bush I'm going to someone for help immeadiately and let the nation now that Our Officers or out of light and communications because you have let these cell phone companies operate like pirates in our states and Airport security employees need desperately to connect soon I'm going to the press with this real soon..................Veteran
From:	KevinK813@collegeclub.com
Sent:	Saturday, July 15, 2006 5:21 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Concerning proper compensation

   I am a reading and language arts teacher in the state of Florida who is in the process of completing the so-called reading endorsement. I am glad you believe the reading and language arts teachers in the state of Florida have nothing better to do with their time than to complete more busy work just to make you look better as state governor. But I digress; it is not the purpose of me writing. 

    My purpose is to make sure that teachers are properly compensated for their time and efforts. So far, once again teachers are getting the short end of the stick. Seeing as each class is 60 hours and there exists five courses (with competency 4 and 5 combined) that is a grand total of 300 hours. Now I know that you wouldn't rob teachers important and valuable time without proper compensation, would you? That would be irresponsible and ludicrous on your part. So let's assume a professional wage of (and I am ball-parking it here) $15 per hour. And that is really really low as it is, but acceptable enough. Therefore, you owe each reading / language arts teacher approximately $4500 for this extra work in our already obnoxiously busy school year schedule. Make sure the checks don't bounce. 

   Thanking you in advance! And do us one last favor: pretend we have health insurance, children, and mortgages we have to pay for on a daily basis. Most of us have second jobs that we had to put on hold to take these silly college-repeat reading endorsement classes. Don't waste our time without monetary compensation. 



From:	Albert Darden <dogwood1211@webtv.net>
Sent:	Saturday, July 15, 2006 3:21 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Rights

Amendment   IX, X and the Preamble to the Costitution.......are absolute
in covering the people,(or to the people).
England has no Constitution therefore the law is what Parliment says it
is not having a Constitution.
No place in the Bill of Rights is it stated one has to be educated to
enjoy the protection in fact it says all men.
Amendment #.I to petition the goverment for a redress of grievances.
#.5 private property takenfor public use,without just compensation.
#.7 where value in controversy exceeds $20.the right by trial of Jury.
-------------------------------------------------      Our forefathers
were wise men for often they spoke in broad terms.
They assumed at times common sense would dictate an obvious fact.
Bible: there is no conflict between the Bible and the Constitution.
The wisdom of King Solomon and common sense was shown in where two women
claimed a baby.Common sense plainly showed the true mother under no
condition would have the baby split in half and he knew the true mother.
-----------------------------------------------------  My wife lost her
commercial rating on her land tho it was zoned commercial.
It was decided tat land used for commercial would remain commercial.
My wifes land had large Billboards leased to New York Stock Exchange
companies.  To be erected they had to be erected on Commercial zoned
land for Billboard are a legitimate commercial business.
Common sense would dictate the signs were paying the State of Florida
money for being there,The United States Internal Revenue required
federal taxes to be paid on the use of these signs and if not someone
was fined by the Federal goverment.
I have a letter from Citrus county if my wife sold the land the signs
would have to come down for the loss of her commercial zoning would make
them non conforming.
I t was maintained my wife had not lost anything not a grain of sand.
When the land was zoned commercial the taxes were higher due to tax on
commercial.....loss of money for not a cent was refunded on the taxes.
Why do all the real estate people now say if your land was zoned
commercial it would bring a greater price.                       I have
a letter from a real estate person.    Why your wifes property can not
be sold for its true value tho it it great land.           Its not
commercial.                                   Listed what could be built
on it but only if the neighbors would be willing.
Therefore,if the realtor is right but I have no reason to doubt for they
tried putting an easement across my wifes land but my wife had sold
deeper piece for widening #19 and they were susing State of Florida
highway ignorant of the difference of the highway landmarks.Due to
Governor Jebb Bushes investigation and the State Road attorney justice
was done.                         Ours is a land of laws or we would be
like the Mid-East Renegade countries to softly dealt with.I know very
well General Douglas MacArthurs view of such acts.He plainly stated all
weapons in war a country has should be used to protect his troops
lives.General Douglas MacArthur rebuilt Japan into a Nation that we
could be friends with in future times to come.The most brilliant General
t6his country ever produced.Korea I was there ready to go but they told
me with my record they could do without me.To be honest I would not have
been ready to follow General MacArthur if I had know it snowed there.I
have never seen snow. I petion my countryfor justice on my wifes
property.There is no substitute for Duty ,Honor, Country and I expect
the State of Florida to Honor its own Constitution.I was raised with
half the orphanage Cubans and the other half Heinz 57.I expect no
preferential treatment but not ignored but Immigrants,(Illegal given
preference over a Pearl Harbor Four year veteran0.President Bush Senior
sent me a most beautifull letter card reminding me we had served
together in the South Pacific in so doing it is well known that I served
my country a long time at about his age.Discharged shy of 22 with my
assignement all Sout Pacific from General Walter Short to General
Douglas MacArthur.If I sound proud you are correct.The old Prussian
General friend of General/President Von Hindenberg taught me right.Mary
Help Of Christians closed June 1,2006,(Had failed as a private Tampa
School after the Orphanage).         Thank you for reading but I never
give up on Rights !                                                The
General,"If you talked to a second Lt like you do to me about your
RIGHTS,you and your Rights would be right in the guardhouse". Yes ! Sir
but you are not a second Lt. and I am right and you know it. Why did he
keep up with me all thru the South Pacific and call my home and invite
me to see him.Why did he want my WW2 picture and his wife place it on
his breakfast plate and he drop it and upon picking it up,"My God!My old
orderly".Why does my VA file start with a letter from him.I was
honorable and expect the same from others !!! Thank you

AL DARDEN

From:	Naree Crone <dharmalena@yahoo.com>
Sent:	Saturday, July 15, 2006 2:44 PM
To:	Frank Farkus; Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Bar Complaint

I just wanted to keep you informed. I have an open Bar Complaint against  the privately appointed Gaurdian Ad litem, James Runyon. If you have any influence. i aks for him to be dibarred for grossly abusing his position. It seems i cant get anywhere in family law. If you read this letter you may have some insight as to why. So I think iwill start making more Bar complaints, to date these attorneys feel they can steal money from me because there is no accountability. I would hope there about 10 less attorney practicing law after my complaints.  
 
 
A lot of the abuse of power from the St. Petersburg Police Department escalated when I was a student at PEL. First with disclosure of my private information in my class setting, starting with my very first class at PEL, then escalating to false allegations of sex abuse with the SPPD filing a made up injunction against me.  
 
Authority and political Influence have been deterring me from having due process in court by putting me in false light with people I associate with to include students and staff at Eckerd College. This is not as a bad as misusing official position to deter my attorneys from representing me, but the concept is the same. Using defamation so people will easily violate my rights.
 
I know the staff and students at Eckerd were told this type of control was to help me, but that was a lie, especially if you look at the total picture. 
 
 The need to control and put me in false light is really about deterring misconduct and misuse of official position from ever coming to light. Putting me in false light has been used as a technique to be able to have control of what others thought of me, with the intent of easily violating my rights as an innocent citizen and deterring my due process in court. In addition deterring me from having any contact with my biological child, even though i have complied with the court orders. 
 
Authority from the top of the SPPD, are supporting this behavior by deterring my due process and continuing to violate my rights. It seems the SPPD are exploring how far they can violate innocent women and children’s rights especially if they have liabilities they are trying to deter.
 
I was labeled delusional for claiming police harassment without any proof. Similar to the harassment that the staff and students at Eckerd College know about. When I was a student at Eckerd, My ex-husband started making allegations that I was sexually abusing my child, and DCF had no findings of abuse but the police went over the investigators head and filed an injunction against me. So now I was possibly facing life in prison. My dad spent about twenty five thousand dollars on criminal attorney’s fees to deal with the state attorney’s office, and of course they decided not to file because there was no evidence except continued harassment from the SPPD.
 
 Ever since the injunction was filed the family law court sent me to the CASA visitation center for a three hour weekly visits with my child. Then an attorney Guardian Ad item that is in the same real estate office as my ex-husbands good friend and Real Estate attorney was appointed by the recused judge in late 2005. James Runyon the attorney guardian ad litem visited me and my child one time for three hours and another for 15 minutes at the CASA visitation center that was well documented by the center, and a very good visit, but Mr. Runyon made recommendation to the ex-husband to file an expedited suspension of visitation. (I enclosed the transcripts for you to review). The ex-husband also filed another DCF investigation that I was teaching my child how to kill herself at the CASA visitation center. And DCF said my five year old child was making similar statement about killing herself. Of course since the CASA visitation center has one on one staff with each family appointed to the center, those allegations were also unfounded. So I made my own DCF complaint that my child was being coached and taught to make these abuse statements, and DCF was going to have her independently evaluated by Dr. Crum with ACH but the father and a doctor he hired to support his claims refused to have my child to be independently evaluated. I talked with the SAO and they said the father could be changed with a crime if he is teaching my child to make statements about killing herself, and sex abuse. James Runyon did not recommend my child should be independently evaluated; he just made a recommendation my child should have no contact with me the mother because she was acting out with behaviors in schools. And James Runyon said it was because he put me forth as sex abusers to two professionals that have nothing to do with this case and they recommended to him the mother should have no contact. So he testified hearsay in front of the new judge, and the judge just went with the guardian’s recommendation. 
 
I just hired a new attorney and paid 7,500 and she was going to motion to abate the order, ask that the guardian be dismissed and new guardian be appointed from the state of Florida volunteer program, and ask for my child be independently evaluated. But after I paid her the money she has refused to communicate with me, and is treating me similar to how others have treated me throughout the misconduct I have dealt with from the SPPD. For sure to deter due process but also emotionally, mentally and financially inflict distress to see if i will get upset so i can be labelled unstable to continue the cycle of easily violating my rights.  That is ms Turner's deal with whomever she spiritually pays respect to. I have learned I can't do anything to have these people act with integrity and/or ethics.   
 
I just would like to know what kinds of things authority has said about me that people feel it is ok treat me like this? My perception of why there is such a great need to control my attorneys is because the father and maybe others could be arrested if my child is able to have a true voice in this matter.
 
I really believe it is crime to continue to violate my due process, especially since financially I can’t keep affording to pay attorneys (with over 100k of my dad’s retirement money down the drain) who refuse to represent me. My dad said he can’t keep helping me since my attorneys will not follow through with representing me.
 
 Is the real intention for me just to give up all my rights to my child since I can’t afford to keep up with the misconduct from the SPPD? Do you support the gov’t violating women and children’s rights like this? Is being quiet when you know about the misconduct supporting this behavior against innocent citizens? Is there anything you would like to share?
 
 I also believe it is abuse against my child to continue to be taught that I as her mother have sexually abused her, given to her as an answer as to why I have not seen her. Also teaching her to say things like she wants to kill herself, used as a custody technique to continue to violate our mother daughter relationship. Does anyone else believe that what authority has done is a crime against me and my child and is anyone willing to help me and my daughter sop this abuse? 
 
This abuse is coming from the top of the later. There is no excuse for this abuse to continue on especially against my child. Wasn’t the big lie we are helping? How is it helping, deterring a father from being prosecuted that continues to abuse his child as a custody technique? But as long as my representation will not represent me then the father can continue on teaching my child how to kill herself, and teaching my child I sexually abused her, as a deterrent from me having any rights to see her. 
 
Is this the kind of help you agreed to participate in??? You know keeping quiet will continue this mental abuse against my daughter and she will continued to be taught these disgusting things about me. Is that the kind of help you supported? Authority lied and will continue to lie. You know keeping quiet will continue to mess up my little girls head. Authority has not nor will not act with integrity it will take the public to shame their gov’t into acting appropriately. To date I have had no contact with my daughter since February 2006.    

  _____  

Do you Yahoo!?
Everyone is raving about the all-new Yahoo! Mail Beta.
From:	tim fritz <worldconscious2005@yahoo.com>
Sent:	Saturday, July 15, 2006 1:56 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Regarding life, defending Terri Schiavo

Governor Jeb Bush,,,,,hello ,,,I wanted to pass along my appreciation of you defending the unborn children and of intervening for the late Terri Schiavo,,,along with your brother President George Bush,,,,both of you are to be commended on your hard and unpopular intervention of the two issues,,,,the world we live in for the most part does not regard life,,,,however at least some like you both do care for justice.,,Thankyou,,,,,,Tim Fritz,,(mpls)

  _____  

See the all-new, redesigned Yahoo.com. Check it out. 
From:	Gwinvestigations@aol.com
Sent:	Saturday, July 15, 2006 12:16 PM
To:	info@lebanonembassyus.org; Governor Jeb Bush; Aronberg, Dave; Bennett, Michael (LEG)
Subject:	Fwd: Vacation in Lebanon
Attachments:	Re: Vacation in Lebanon

Dear Sir/Madam,
 
I am forwarding this information on to you because I am very concerned that the Embassy in Lebanon is not responding to the needs of the Americans that are traveling in Lebanon.  My sister, and her family has been trying to get through to the Embassy to no avail.  The web site is not available for them to register.  They are not receiving any information regarding a "plan" to help the Americans leave Lebanon.  This is also a concern of mine, because I am not hearing anything on the news that there is a "plan", there is just talk of a possible "plan".
 
This is what I am respectfully asking from your office; To get them on the registry list in Lebanon and confirm same with me and the email address of CAbinajem@aol.com.  I would also request that you provide the most current and accurate information to them with regards to the "plan" to get the Americans out of Lebanon.  I believe any comforting news from the Embassy to them would be most helpful ASAP as the infrastructure in Lebanon is deteriorating at such a rapid pace.
 
I am also forwarding this on to my sisters elected officials in the hope they their offices will  put some pressure on the government and the embassy to help facilitate the evacuation of the Americans in Lebanon before it is too late.  A comforting note to the above e-mail address (your constituents)  from those elected officials would also lend itself to knowing that you are working on getting them home.
    
Thank you for your anticipated cooperation and I look forward to hearing from you.
 
Gail M. Garneau
P.O. Box 278
Anna Maria, FL 34216
Tel (941.779.0986)
GWInvestigations@aol.com
 
From:	Cran Jones <cjones@thomasandjones.com>
Sent:	Saturday, July 15, 2006 12:22 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	RE: Ms McDonald, PLEASE LET ME KNOW YOU READ ALL OF THIS!  Thanks!

Importance:	High

Dear Ms McDonald,
 
I just wanted to let you know, how upset I am, know one has ever contacted me.
 
All I want to do is HELP, and my own Government does not even know what to do with a request like this.  It’s SAD to know, that my Government won’t even spend 1 hour with me, to listen to what I know I can do!  
 
I do business, daily, in Israel.  I know I could help whoever is trying to work on this situation, and no one will even spend one hour to listen.  I know the Israeli people well, I know I could try and help calm what is going on, and no one will even talk to me.
 
Sorry for another “E” mail, no reason to reply, I just wanted to let you know how much it “hurts me”, that no one will listen.
 
I hope you are well.
 
Sincerely,
 
Cranston G. Jones Sr.
248-647-6044 Home
248-395-2710 Work
248-752-7602 Cell
  _____  

From: Cran Jones [mailto:cjones@thomasandjones.com] 
Sent: Friday, June 23, 2006 12:39 PM
To: 'Governor Jeb Bush'
Subject: RE: Ms McDonald, PLEASE LET ME KNOW YOU READ ALL OF THIS! Thanks!
Importance: High
 
Ms McDonald,
 
I am very sorry if I caused you any problems, (besides the time you had in reading my “E” mails) and was only hoping that Jeb could read my “E” mails, and get them to the President someway/somehow!
 
I have been trying to “E” mail, call, etc… the President’s office/Staff, per the address you gave me, and my “E” mails are now getting “blocked” electronically.  I guess everyone feels the same way you do, and again, I’m sorry to have bothered you!  Last question - do you know of ANY other “E” mail address or phone number I could TRY and contact, so I can try to reach someone at the Presidents office, who will listen/meet with me?
 
Thank you again for at least communicating with me.   I hope you will reply to this last “E” mail, and let me know SOMEWAY to try and contact the White House! 
 
Again, Thank You, I hope you will reply to the above, and I will not bother you anymore!
 
Sincerely,
 
Cranston G. Jones Sr.
 
  _____  

From: Governor Jeb Bush [mailto:Jeb.Bush@MyFlorida.com] 
Sent: Friday, June 23, 2006 12:17 PM
To: cjones@thomasandjones.com
Subject: RE: Ms McDonald, PLEASE LET ME KNOW YOU READ ALL OF THIS! Thanks!
 
Dear Mr. Jones:
 
Our office can no longer assist you.  All further contact needs to be handled through the President's Office in Washington, D.C.
 
Sincerely,
LD McDonald
Citizens' Services
-----Original Message-----
From: Cran Jones [mailto:cjones@thomasandjones.com]
Sent: Friday, June 23, 2006 6:36 AM
To: Governor Jeb Bush
Cc: 'George W. Bush (E-mail)'
Subject: RE: Ms McDonald, PLEASE LET ME KNOW YOU READ ALL OF THIS! Thanks!
Importance: High
Dear Ms McDonald,
 
Can you please confirm, via reply to this “E” mail, that you received the below, have forwarded it – and it’s been read – by someone who will contact me!
 
Again, I would like to meet with someone ASAP, so I can tell/talk/express what I want to do.
 
Thanking you in advance for your prompt reply to this “E” mail.
 
Sincerely,
 
Cranston G. Jones Sr.

  _____  

From: Cran Jones [mailto:cjones@thomasandjones.com] 
Sent: Thursday, June 22, 2006 6:41 AM
To: 'Governor Jeb Bush'
Cc: 'George W. Bush (E-mail)'
Subject: Ms McDonald, PLEASE LET ME KNOW YOU READ ALL OF THIS! Thanks!
Importance: High
 
Dear Ms. McDonald,
 
First, I’m sorry to bother you with another “E” mail; however, I’m so upset as to what happened today overseas to our Soldiers, I needed to send you this “E” mail ASAP!
 
As you may know, I want to try and help STOP what is going on overseas.  I know I can do this, but, I have not been “fair” to you, or the Governor.  I should have never expected you to just forward my note on, nor do I want you to, unless you believe – IN YOUR HEART – what I want to do.  How can you, Jeb, the President, etc… believe in what I want to do, unless you meet me.
 
OK, all that said, here is what I want to do.  I will fly, drive, swim, etc.. to meet anyone from the Governors Staff, as long as I can do it face to face.  I will tell them what/why/etc… what I want to do, and if they don’t believe – in their hearts – what I want to do is “real”, I will STOP all of this.  Yes, I would love to meet with Jeb, but, He doesn’t know me from Adam.  As long as I meet with someone, who knows how to listen, and has the ability to tell Jeb what I want to do, I’m fine with that.  Then, if Jeb is “OK”, and believes in me, I would love for him to talk to his brother, the President.  If He, or the person I meet with does not believe in me, I’ll stop everything.
 
CAN YOU PLEASE have someone call me, so I can fly down, fly over, etc… and meet with them face to face!  I will pay for flights, a hotel if that someone wants to come to Detroit, and meet with me, etc…  Just let me have a chance – PLEASE!!!!!!!!!!!  By the way, I live in Bloomfield Hills Michigan, not Detroit.  Just an F.Y.I.
 
Please call me, or “E” mail me, and give me a chance to talk to someone face to face!
 
Sincerely,
 
Cranston G. Jones Sr.
Office # 248-395-2710
Home # 248-647-6044
Cell # 248-752-7602
 
Cran 

  _____  

From: Cran Jones [mailto:cjones@thomasandjones.com] 
Sent: Tuesday, June 20, 2006 2:03 PM
To: 'Governor Jeb Bush'
Cc: 'George W. Bush (E-mail)'
Subject: RE: Trying to contact the President, and have "SOMEONE CALL ME BACK"!
Importance: High
 
Dear Ms. McDonald,
 
I hope you accepted my apology, and were able to forward my letters to the Governors brother for me.
 
Again, I am very sorry to have put your name down wrong, and that you were able to send my notes on.
 
Please let me know, and again, I am very sorry for yesterdays “typo”!
 
Sincerely,
 
Cranston G. Jones Sr.
 

  _____  

From: Cran Jones [mailto:cjones@thomasandjones.com] 
Sent: Monday, June 19, 2006 5:12 PM
To: 'Governor Jeb Bush'
Cc: 'George W. Bush (E-mail)'
Subject: RE: Trying to contact the President, and have "SOMEONE CALL ME BACK"!
Importance: High
 
Dear Ms. McDonald,
 
I am so SO sorry for not spelling your name correctly, please PLEASE forgive me!!!
 
I feel awful!
 
Will you please still try and forward on?
 
Thank you so much!
 
Cran Jones
 
 

  _____  

From: Cran Jones [mailto:cjones@thomasandjones.com] 
Sent: Monday, June 19, 2006 5:07 PM
To: 'Governor Jeb Bush'
Cc: 'George W. Bush (E-mail)'
Subject: RE: Trying to contact the President, and have "SOMEONE CALL ME BACK"!
Importance: High
 
Dear Ms McDonald
 
First, please call me Cran.  
 
Second, thank you very much for getting back with me.  I hope you know, this is NOT a “prank”, and I am very sincere/serious in what I am offering to do for the President.  I just hope “someone” will at least talk with me, as all I want to do is help Him/our Country!
 
I totally understand you can’t promise me a thing!  All I can hope/pray for, is someone will read what you send, and call me to discuss what I want to do.  Just knowing you will “try” to forward this on, is a good feeling.  If you could let me know what happens to my letters, which you may not be able to, I’d appreciate that as well.
 
If I can ever be of any assistance to you in the “Great State Of Michigan”, please let me know.  
 
Kindest Regards,
 
Cranston G. Jones Sr.
Office # 248-395-2710
Cell # 248-752-7602
Home # 248-647-6044

  _____  

From: Governor Jeb Bush [mailto:Jeb.Bush@MyFlorida.com] 
Sent: Monday, June 19, 2006 3:06 PM
To: cjones@thomasandjones.com
Cc: George W. Bush (E-mail)
Subject: RE: Trying to contact the President, and have "SOMEONE CALL ME BACK"!
 
Dear Mr. Jones:
 
I can forward your email but I cannot make or guarantee a response from the Whitehouse.
 
Ms. LaDawna McDonald
Citizens' Services
-----Original Message-----
From: Cran Jones [mailto:cjones@thomasandjones.com]
Sent: Saturday, June 17, 2006 11:52 AM
To: Governor Jeb Bush
Cc: 'George W. Bush (E-mail)'; 'U.S. Department of State'; comments@whitehouse.gov; Vice-President@whitehouse.gov; 'Last, Jeffrey'; 'Lee, Lindsay'
Subject: Trying to contact the President, and have "SOMEONE CALL ME BACK"!
Importance: High
Dear Mr. or Ms. McDonald (please let me know which one, Mr. or Ms. – Thanks),
 
Were you able to forward “more” of my “E” mails to the President?  As you can see from the below, I’m trying to “clarify” what I would like to do for the President.  I have also cc everyone else I have sent “E” mails to, trying to get my letters at least “read” by the President, and to have SOMEONE call me back!
 
I could not send, for some reason, a direct “E” mail to the President, via the “E” mail address you gave me in your below “E” mail.  The “E” mails I tried to send, kept coming back “blocked”.   So I was SINCERELY hoping you could get my “latest” note to the President!
 
Please let me know that you sent my latest note to “SOMEONE”, who will at least call me back!
 
Thank you, and everyone cc above, for all your help in this matter!
 
Sincerely,
 
Cranston G. Jones Sr.
Home # 248-647-6044
Work # 248-395-2710
Cell # 248-752-7602

  _____  

From: Cran Jones [mailto:cjones@thomasandjones.com] 
Sent: Friday, June 16, 2006 3:46 PM
To: 'Governor Jeb Bush'
Cc: 'George W. Bush (E-mail)'
Subject: RE: Can I help You, and our Country?? (# 2 "E" Mail)
Importance: High
 
Dear Mr. or Ms. McDonald,
 
For some reason my “E” mail is not getting through to the address you state below, for the President.  Can you please forward the below to the President as well, so He understands all I want to do is HELP.  I want nothing in return!!!!!!!!!!
 
Thank You,
 
Cranston G. Jones Sr.

  _____  

From: Cran Jones [mailto:cjones@thomasandjones.com] 
Sent: Friday, June 16, 2006 3:21 PM
To: 'Governor Jeb Bush'
Cc: 'George W. Bush (E-mail)'
Subject: RE: Can I help You, and our Country?? (# 2 "E" Mail)
Importance: High
 
Dear Mr. or Ms. McDonald,
 
I would like to sincerely, thank your for sending my letters onto the President.  I am praying, this is not just another “blow off “E” mail”!
 
By no means, did I mean to bother Jeb Bush; however, I have been trying everyway possible to get my letters in front of the President.  I have gone through my Congressman, (Knollenberg), my Senators, Ms Rice, etc…  All I would like the President to do is read my “E” mail/letters to him.
 
I do have a God given talent, which I know will work for the President, and our Country.  I do NOT want a position on his Cabinet, Press, Money, etc…  I want to work with who the President has in place today, to help bring some piece to this world!
 
I hope SOMEONE will contact me from the Presidents office.  To date, I have heard nothing, and I have to tell you, am very discouraged.  All I want to do his help, and no one will talk to me!
 
Thank you again, for your cooperation in this matter.  I hope someone will contact me very soon.
 
Sincerely,
 
Cranston G. Jones Sr.
5231 Deepwood Road
Bloomfield Hills, MI  48302
Home # 248-647-6044
Work # 248-395-2710  
 
 
 
Cran 

  _____  

From: Governor Jeb Bush [mailto:Jeb.Bush@MyFlorida.com] 
Sent: Friday, June 16, 2006 2:43 PM
To: cjones@thomasandjones.com
Cc: George W. Bush (E-mail)
Subject: RE: Can I help You, and our Country?? (# 2 "E" Mail)
 
Dear Mr. Jones: 
 
Florida Governor Jeb Bush thanks you for your recent e-mail.   
 
As you requested, I am forwarding your correspondence to President George W. Bush. Please note the President’s e-mail address if you wish to contact him in the future. You can also call The White House Comment Line (202) 456-1111, or fax your letters to The White House at (202) 202-456-2461.
 
Thank you again for writing,
LD McDonald 
Office of Citizen Services
 
  president@whitehouse.gov
-----Original Message-----
From: Cran Jones [mailto:cjones@thomasandjones.com]
Sent: Tuesday, June 13, 2006 7:45 AM
To: Governor Jeb Bush
Subject: RE: Can I help You, and our Country?? (# 2 "E" Mail)
Importance: High
Hi,
 
Whoever “is at the other end of this “E” mail”, I would like you to know, I am very serious/sincere in my letter to the President!
 
Can you please have Jeb read my letter ASAP this AM!  Please ask him, to contact his brother at Camp David this AM, and get my letter read by the President this AM!
 
Thank You Very Much for your help,
 
Sincerely,
 
Cranston G. Jones Sr.
248-395-2710

  _____  

From: Governor Jeb Bush [mailto:Jeb.Bush@MyFlorida.com] 
Sent: Tuesday, June 13, 2006 7:20 AM
To: cjones@thomasandjones.com
Subject: RE: Can I help You, and our Country?? (# 2 "E" Mail)
 
Your e mail was received and will be forwarded. 
 
 -----Original Message----- 
From:   Cran Jones [mailto:cjones@thomasandjones.com] 
Sent:   Tuesday, June 13, 2006 6:49 AM 
To:     Governor Jeb Bush 
Subject:        RE:  Can I help You, and our Country??   (# 2 "E" Mail) 
Importance:     High 
To Whom It May Concern: 
Can you please let me know if you received  the below “E” mail, if it was read, and did the Governor read it, and did he forward my letter to his Brother, the President.
Thank you for your assistance in this matter, and I look forward in hearing back from you ASAP! 
Sincerely, 
Cranston G. Jones Sr. 
 
_____________________________________________
From: Cran Jones [mailto:cjones@thomasandjones.com]
Sent: Monday, June 12, 2006 3:14 PM
To: 'jeb@myflorida.com'
Subject: FW: Can I help You, and our Country?? (# 2 "E" Mail)
Importance: High 
Dear Governor Bush, 
I am trying to get the two below “E” mails to the President - Your Bro - ASAP!  
NO, THIS IS NOT A PRANK “E” MAIL!!!!!!!!
I have also tried sending this to Mrs. Bush, Ms Rice, and Mr. Chaney this AM.  I know your Brother is at Camp David today and tomorrow, discussing matters that I KNOW I can help with!  Will you please get this to him as soon as you can this AM.
Thank you very much for your cooperation in this matter. 
Sincerely, 
Cranston G. Jones 
5231 Deepwood Road 
Bloomfield Hills, MI  48302 
Work # = 248-395-2710 
Home # = 248-647-6044 
_____________________________________________
From: Cran Jones [mailto:cjones@thomasandjones.com] <mailto:[mailto:cjones@thomasandjones.com]>
Sent: Monday, June 12, 2006 5:12 AM
To: 'comments@whitehouse.gov'
Subject: Can I help You, and our Country?? (# 2 "E" Mail)
Importance: High 
Dear President Bush, 
I wanted to clarify exactly what I know I could do for You, and our Country - Per my “E” mail to you below! 
I feel that I have been blessed with the ability to speak to people and really reach them “inside”.  I have traveled all around our Country and the World for my job, and I have met many different people from all walks of life.  I know am able to “connect” with each one in an honest and memorable way.  I have diffused tense situations between Companies of different Nationalities, etc…  I KNOW MY TALENT COULD BE PUT TO USE IN A BROADER WAY!
I would very much like to try and help bring some peace to warn torn areas of the world, by acting as a negotiator/moderator on behalf of You and our Country.  NO, I DO NOT WANT TO TAKE ANYONE’S CURRENT JOB!  I would work with your People, who you have doing such things today.
I know all religions have one universal theme; that of worshiping A/One God.  Muslims, Christians, Jews (I know there is more religions) all believe in the goodness and omniscience of God.  The foundation of all religions is based on the fundamental belief that MAN should be Kind to others, and should NOT harm of kill others!  I know, many of the people who are at war with one another need/MUST be reminded of how “alike” Men/Women are!   
How can a man like myself, who SINCERELY wants to help (I do not want money, fame, press, NOTHING LIKE THIS!), make a difference in this World?  I know I can!  By offering You/Our Country, the talents I have, (that have worked in a Global Business Market) I KNOW I CAN HELP!   I would like to work with the individuals you already have “in place”, as a moderator.
Mr. President, I feel a very STRONG “Calling” at this point in my life.  I want to attempt, as I know this will NOT be easy, to reach out to others in our Country/World!   Sir, all I’m asking for is a chance!
Thank you for your time in reading the above, and below “E” mails.  (Personally, I can’t stand these things, but, I know I have to keep up with “Technology”)
Sincerely, 
Cranston G. Jones Sr. 
5231 Deepwood Road 
Bloomfield Hills, MI  48302 
Office Phone = 248-395-2710 
Home Phone = 248-647-6044
  
 
_____________________________________________
From: Cran Jones [mailto:cjones@thomasandjones.com] <mailto:[mailto:cjones@thomasandjones.com]>
Sent: Wednesday, June 07, 2006 7:34 AM
To: 'comments@whitehouse.gov'
Subject: Can I help You, and our Country??
Importance: High 
To Whom It May Concern, 
I know you probably get millions of “E” mails a day from around the world, to the President; however, if you could PLEASE make sure you try and have someone read this, so it gets to the President, I would greatly appreciate it.  I’ve tried to highlight this “E” mail so it sticks out among others, hopefully its working????  I guess I won’t know until I hear back from someone, but, if you could PLEASE try and have someone read this, I would really appreciate it!!!
Dear Mr. President, 
I hope this “E” mail finds you well, as I know you are a very busy person, in fact I don’t know how in the heck you do it!!  I just have a small Company outside Detroit, and I can barley hold it together.
I wanted to do something for my Country, and You, and promised some individuals I would try to contact you.   No, I’m just an average guy, making it through the day, but I made a VERY BIG PROMISE to these “individuals”, that I would try and contact you.  Hell, I don’t even know if you’re reading this, or if someone is reading it to you.  I just wanted to ask you to remember some things:
1.      Take Care of yourself, you learned this in AA.  I am an alcoholic as well, and forget this all the time.  But, you know, as I do, we need to be healthy to keep pushing forward.  
2.      Take care of your family.  I believe you have two girls?  Remember, you brought them into this world, keep an eye on them, and of course your Wife is # 2.  George first, your Lovely wife, then your girls, then the Country!
Sir, I have many thoughts/ideas I would love to talk to you about, but, the biggest one is what is going on overseas right now.  Here are some thoughts:
As you know, everyone believes in “A” God.  You then have people, like you and I that believe in Jesus, the Jewish that don’t believe Jesus ever came, and then the people who believe in Mohamed.  Mr. President, have Ms Rice try to work this angle, if we all believe in A God, then why aren’t we behaving like we should?  Leave Jesus, and Mohamed out of her first meeting, just focus on getting them to admit they believe in A God, then have her move on from there.
Mr. President, remember: 
*       Jewish, don’t believe in Jesus, but believe in first 5 books of the bible, so Jewish and Christians have at least something in common. 
*       Muslims, they believe in Mohamed, and Mohamed said, “Treat people well”, and His words were told/written after Jesus died.  Plus, Mohamed talked about Jesus, so even though Muslims don’t believe in Jesus, Mohamed acknowledges that fact he was around back then.
*       Christian’s, we believe in the Bible, and Jesus, but we also believe in the first 5 books of the bible, so we are like Jewish People, and we have to accept that people may not believe in Jesus, but, Jesus told us to be kind to others, so let others do what they want.
All Three, and if there are more religions, I don’t know, have one thing in common.  We all believe in A God.  We all believe to treat people well.  I feel, if we can get some of the “leaders” to acknowledge this, we can move forward, and the Big Guy upstairs won’t be some upset with us, as he is now!
Shoot Sir, if we all get back to basics, and if we all truly believe in A God, then lets take it from there. Once we all get on the same page, we can start helping the poor, as God wants us to, but we have to work together to do this.  Easier said then done I know, but, I would do this for you, if you gave me the chance to, working with Ms Rice???  
Mr. President, I know I am shooting the moon”, trying to “E” mail you, but, I want to help You, our Country, and most important, I promised some “individuals”, I would send you this to you!
Can you, or have someone from your Staff let me know you at least read this, I would greatly appreciate it. 
You’re doing a great job Sir, but, you are only human, and NEVER forget that. 
Thanks Mr. President, and I look forward in “someone” getting back with me. 
Sincerely, 
Cranston G. Jones 
5231 Deepwood Road 
Bloomfield Hills, MI  48302 
P.S.  I would love to meet, if you ever had one hour, to talk!!!!! 
Thanks, 
Cran 
From:	Edwin <princedwin@comcast.net>
Sent:	Saturday, July 15, 2006 10:11 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	[*] Please stand with Isreal!

Dear Mr. Bush,
Sir, I want to say as a citizen in your state, and a taxpayer, I am very forunate to be in the Great State of Florida!
I pray that all is well with you and your family. 
As news events in the middle east unfolds, I pray that you will make a stand with those few who know and understand what is at stake there and here.
Please, please stand with the people of Isreal.....now!
Please, pray for our G-d, the G-d of Abraham, Jacob, and Moses!
Please!
 
Edwin Otero
From:	Tina Shreve <b_ballmom43@yahoo.com>
Sent:	Saturday, July 15, 2006 7:56 AM
To:	Walt Cook
Cc:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Re: Your Email to Governor Bush

Sorry about the confusion.  When I told the gentleman who answered the phone that I had received an email from you giving me this number to call, he automatically said yes, after looking at your file I'm trying to see what needs to be done and that he would call me back that day.  He never gave me his name and he didn't even ask for any info. for him to look-up my file, so I assumed it was you.  I start a new job on Monday at the Area Housing Commission, so I'll have to call him back on my lunch hour.  This new job guarantees me 40 hrs. a week which does help some but it still isn't enough, therefore, I still want a hearing.  And if you are wondering, yes I went to Hud before coming to your office for at least Rent Assistance and they said that they are ONLY helping Katrina Victims!!  
 
Thanks for your help.
 
Tina Shreve

Walt Cook <Walt_Cook@dcf.state.fl.us> wrote:





There must be some confusion I have never spoken with you. I am told that
you spoke with J.O. Zachow my Client Relations Manager earlier in the week.
He is on leave today and will call you on Monday.


Walter R. Cook
District Administrator - Team "1"
Escambia, Santa Rosa , Okaloosa, Walton Counties
160 Government Center, Suite 611
Pensacola, Florida 32502-5734
(850) 595-8211, SC 695-8211
Cell (850) 449-1205
email: Walt_Cook@dcf.state.fl.us

Our Mission "PROTECT THE VULNERABLE - PROMOTE STRONG FAMILIES - ADVANCE
RECOVERY AND RESILIENCY"

"CONFIDENTIALITY NOTICE: This message and any attachments are for the sole
use of the intended recipient(s) and may contain confidential and
privileged information that is exempt from public disclosure. Any
unauthorized review, use, disclosure, or distribution is prohibited. If
you have received this message in error please contact the sender (by)
phone or reply by electronic mail) and then destroy all copies of the
original message."





Tina Shreve 

o.com> To 
Walt Cook/D01/DCF@DCF 
07/14/2006 06:30 cc 
AM jeb.bush@myflorida.com 
Subject 
Re: Your Email to Governor Bush 










Mr. Cook,

I talked to you on Wednesday, July 12, and you said that you would call
back, I haven't heard anything from you. I want a hearing!! There is
another problem, in the retail business you don't always make the same
amount of money because the hours you work change every week. Next week,
I'm only scheduled for 32 hours which means I'm going to get a small
paycheck then I ever have had so far. So how do I pay my electric bill and
buy food with that paycheck?????

Tina Shreve

Walt Cook wrote:




Dear Ms. Shreve:

Thank you for your recent correspondence to Governor Bush regarding your
applications for assistance. The Governor asked that I respond to you on
his behalf.

According to case notes, your children were approved for Medically Needy
coverage with a share of cost, effective June 1, 2006. Notes also reflect
that you were denied Medicaid coverage for yourself and Food Stamps
because
you failed to comply with up-front registration with Child Support
Enforcement. Although you verified you were receiving child support,
program policy requires that you go to the Child Support Enforcement
Office
and complete necessary paperwork.

I suggest that you reapply for benefits and complete the necessary
paperwork for Child Support Enforcement.

If you have questions, please contact our Client Relations Office at
850-595-8107.

Sincerely,

Walter R. Cook
District Administrator - Team "1"
Escambia, Santa Rosa , Okaloosa, Walton Counties
160 Government Center, Suite 611
Pensacola, Florida 32502-5734
(850) 595-8211

Our Mission: "PROTECT THE VULNERABLE - PROMOTE STRONG FAMILIES - ADVANCE
RECOVERY AND RESILIENCY"


CONFIDENTIALITY NOTICE: This message and any attachments are for the sole
use of the intended recipient(s) and may contain confidential and
privileged information that is exempt from public disclosure. Any
unauthorized review, use, disclosure, or distribution is prohibited. If
you have received this message in error please contact the sender (by
phone
or reply electronic mail) and then destroy all copies of the original
message.




Sneak preview the all-new Yahoo.com. It's not radically different. Just
radically better.






  _____  

Yahoo! Music Unlimited - Access over 1 million songs. Try it free. 
From:	Riverfrontlanding <riverfrontlanding@yahoo.com>
Sent:	Saturday, July 15, 2006 7:51 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	[*] Sarasota Man...worth noting / honoring...

Sarasotan helped restrain man on Tampa flight    BY MITCH STACY THE ASSOCIATED PRESS

  

  TAMPA -- A U.S. Army soldier who had served in Iraq was tackled and restrained by passengers after running down the aisle and ramming the cockpit door on a flight from New York City to Tampa, officials said.

The soldier did not have any explosives or weapons, and no evidence was found that he meant harm to passengers or crew on the flight Thursday night, Tampa International Airport officials said Friday. Relatives said he had mental problems.

"It's a sadder story than one would have wished," said James Abbott, a Sarasota resident who helped restrain the soldier. "This guy was in Iraq, and I don't know if he had problems before, but he definitely has them now. I hope he gets the care he needs."

Abbott, 37, said he was the second to help hold the soldier down. He said other passengers stood ready to help.

The Army private, who was traveling from New York on a Delta Air Lines flight with his brother to visit their mother, was restrained on the floor for five to 10 minutes until the flight landed in Tampa.

"The situation was under control, and people didn't freak out," Abbott said. "It's kind of interesting how a bad situation brings out a sense of community. Everybody on the plane was of one mind."

The soldier was taken into custody under a Florida law that allows a person to be held without charges if they are deemed to be a threat to themselves or others, airport spokeswoman Brenda Geoghagan said. The soldier's brother told officials he "has some mental problems related to his Army service," she said.

The Associated Press was withholding the name of the soldier because no charges were filed. The FBI is still investigating, spokeswoman Carol Michalik said, and has 72 hours after the incident to charge or release him.

Gordon Montoya, 52, of Brandon was sitting in the second row in the first-class cabin and tackled the man after he raced by and grabbed the cockpit door.

"It was like it wasn't real," Montoya said Friday. "Fortunately, my reaction was pretty quick to grab him. I just got out of my seat, grabbed him and wrestled him to the ground. It just happened. There was really not a lot of thought process that went into it."

Montoya said he said four other passengers restrained the man. He said there was never any chance the man would break into the locked cockpit.

"They are heroes," airport Executive Director Louis Miller said of the passengers. "In my mind, they are absolute heroes."

Army spokesman Sheldon Smith said the soldier was attached to 1st Armored Division out of Fort Riley, Kan. He had been on terminal leave since May 25, using up remaining leave time before getting out of the service on July 12. He was a "cannon crewmember" who served in Iraq from September 2005 to January. He volunteered for Iraq service, the Army said.

"He was not a problem soldier," said Deb Skidmore, spokeswoman at Fort Riley. "He had no disciplinary problems."

Reached by phone Friday, the soldier's mother said he returned from Iraq earlier this year and is suffering from mental problems. He is "delirious" and "depressed" and imagines that people are following him, said the woman, who declined to give her name.

The soldier's brother told officers he wanted medical attention before they left New York, but their mother wanted him to come to Tampa first, the report said.

As the plane was making its approach to Tampa just after 11 p.m. Thursday, the soldier -- who was dressed in civilian clothes -- refused to sit down when asked by a flight attendant, the report said.

Before his brother could get him to sit down, he sprinted toward the front of the plane. Passenger Jason Moore, 27, told the St. Petersburg Times the man ran "like he was running in a track meet" down the aisle.

"He rammed the cockpit door a couple of times -- full speed," Geoghagan said.

Tampa Airport Police Chief Paul Sireci said the man could face a federal charge of interfering with flight crew.

Miller said the reaction of the passengers is indicative of how airline travelers have taken a stake in their own safety since the Sept. 11, 2001, terrorist attacks.

"The hardening of the cockpit doors worked," Miller said. "He couldn't get in there. He tried it a second time. At that point, just like United Flight 93 (on Sept. 11), the passengers on that airplane were not going to allow something to happen."

Abbott does not see his actions as heroic. He said his biggest fear is that people will worry about their safety.

"Worst-case scenario, I don't know what that would have been," he said. "But it happens, and life goes on. If people are scared, then the bad guys win."



Sarasota Herald-Tribune reporter Latisha R. Gray and Associated Press reporters Suzette Laboy in Miami and Phil Davis in Tampa contributed to this report. 



    Last modified: July 08. 2006 12:00AM


    div.threshold_visible {   visibility:visible;   }  div.threshold_hidden {   visibility:hidden;   position:absolute;   height:5px;   }        function setClassName(objId, className) {       document.getElementById(objId).className = className;  }  if (current_count > maximum_count & logged == 0) {   setClassName("text_clear", "threshold_hidden");   setClassName("picture_clear", "threshold_hidden");   setClassName("extra_clear", "threshold_hidden");   setClassName("last_clear", "threshold_hidden");   setClassName("links_clear", "threshold_hidden");   setClassName("facts_clear", "threshold_hidden");    document.write ("TAMPA -- A U.S. Army soldier who had served in Iraq was tackled and restrained by passengers after running down the aisle and ramming the cockpit door on a flight from New York City to Tampa, official . . .");   document.write ("");   document.write ("For free access to this article, you must be a member of HeraldTribune.com.
");   document.write ("");   document.write ("");   document.write ("Join today");   document.write ("
");   document.write ("");   document.write ("Create an account
");   document.write ("");   document.write ("Signing up takes just a few moments. Personal information will not be shared or sold to any vendors.");   document.write ("
");   document.write ("");   document.write ("");   document.write (" [input] ");   document.write ("");   document.write ("");   document.write ("Already a member? Login now
");   document.write ("If you already have an account, simply login below.
");   document.write ("");   document.write (" [input] ");   document.write (" [input] ");   document.write (" [input] ");   document.write ("");   document.write ("");   document.write ("E-mail");   document.write (" [input] ");   document.write ("");   document.write ("");   document.write ("Password");   document.write (" [input] ");   document.write ("");   document.write ("");   document.write (" ");   document.write (" [input]  Remember my ID and password on this computer.");   document.write ("");   document.write ("");   document.write (" ");   document.write ("");   document.write (" [input] ");   document.write ("");   document.write ("");   document.write ("");   document.write ("");   document.write ("
");   document.write ("
");   }  

 





 		
---------------------------------
Yahoo! Messenger with Voice. Make PC-to-Phone Calls to the US (and 30+ countries) for 2¢/min or less.
From:	BJackson-Gulf@att.net
Sent:	Saturday, July 15, 2006 2:02 AM
To:	greg.vickery@dot.state.fl.us; Governor Jeb Bush; Governor Jeb Bush
Cc:	edward.prescott@dot.state.fl.us; tommy.barfield@dot.state.fl.us; james.rodgers@dot.state.fl.us; renae.jenkins@dot.state.fl.us; denny.wood@dot.state.fl.us; stephen.hunt@dot.state.fl.us; jim.devries@dot.state.fl.us; tommie.speights@dot.state.fl.us; buck_lee@sria-fla.com; Youse, Olivia
Subject:	Toll at Pensacola Beach (06-24442)

I know that you can buy a pass and i had talk to escambia county and Santa Rosa island but what i am saying why do i have to pay to go to the beach that i fought for the right to go with out having to pay as other 100% disable Veteran all said that Gov Bush would HAVE TO GET A LAW  passed  saying that a 100% DON'T TO PAY to the state or country
From:	james mahoney <bigboatjim@earthlink.net>
Sent:	Saturday, July 15, 2006 1:03 AM
To:	 jeb.bush@myflorida.com

my policy was with citizens.it doubled last year from 350.00 to 680.00.they sold my policy to first home,the only one righting policies in fl.this is only for windstorm.it went from 680.00 to 1520.00.that's over double.you are sitting back and letting these insurance companies take advantage of us fl.you let other insurance companies Wright car insurance policy's and get rich while their are doing this.even with all the money they spent out on hurricanes and floods they have never had a bad year for there stock holders.this is going back to the storm of the century.allstate had one of there best years.you won't be here next term,as your brother.you have made enough off us small(no more middle class) families.get off you but and see what's happening,people can't afford to live here any more,you will move on and we will still be in the same hole where in. the history book look back on the two of you it will be short and sweet.you have brought the u.s.of a.down to the bottom.....your truly   JAMES F,MAHONEY
From:	rwhitworth1@verizon.net
Sent:	Friday, July 14, 2006 11:40 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Terrorism

Friday, July 14, 2006

Ronald Whitworth
420 Jersey Court
Dundee FL, 

Governor John Bush
The Capitol
 400 South Monroe Street
Tallahassee FL, 32399-0001

RE: Terrorism

	Please understand: this recent wave of terrorism and violence in the Middle East is a direct threat to our freedom as Americans. The ongoing aggression against Israel could even prevent America from building a coalition to fight against terrorist strongholds in Iraq and elsewhere. As we know from experience, when terrorists are allowed to thrive in any nation, we are ALL THREATENED. Any attack on Israel is an attack on freedom - and freedom attacked anywhere is freedom attacked everywhere. This is why we cannot turn our backs on Israel. For the sake of religious freedom, for the sake of personal liberties, we must support Israel's battle against terrorists. 

Sincerely, 
Ronald W. Whitworth
From:	Albert Darden <dogwood1211@webtv.net>
Sent:	Friday, July 14, 2006 10:37 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Highway # 19 in Citrus County

I am struggling to make my self clear what I seek.
My wife #19 property was zoned commercial
The Commercial was taken away and rezoned low Density,
Her land is completely surronded by commercial land.
The real estate people can not understand why for its the largest and
best piece of property in that area.Redlight at #19 Highway and W.
McKinley.                        Three fourth of land surronded by road.
Was Five acres untill State of Florida wanted land for widen #19 now
four acres and eight tenth acres.Again! surronded by commercial
Property.
Governor Jebb Bush had an investigation on an adverse easement but it
was Florida Highway # 19 right away sold to Florida by my wife.They were
ordered off.  Mr Vickers of DOT Tampa ordered them off and suggested
that I fence.                   I am waiting on my bid to fence as State
suggested.I was told it would take about 2 months to fence it due to
back work and work on Highway # 19. I am doing all possible to comply
wit State of Florida wishes.
I was told the county of Citrus might charge me a lot to walk in the
door to see about rezoning.I went thru a legally elected board and got
it zoned commercial the first time by people duly elected to do the
peoples business.They zoned it commercial 100% vote.
I use to like driving over there but Florida is now a slow moving
parking lot and to be honest I am fearfull on the Highways.I am
fearfullof failing the test I passed once before...I attended all
meetings,did all required of me. and got the Zoning Commercial.
I had hoped under the circumstances I could mail my 90 year old wifes
application to the County Commissioners and be given the commercial for
it had bee thoroughly studied before.
If this can not be I will have to hire a driver to take me over there
again i n hopes of in all fairness that they will take the fee and
restore my wifes commercial zoning on her landIf Mrs Bush Senior had to
do this you would see the hardship.       I know many Hispanic land
owners and it was made possible for them to buy and zone land in a legal
manner and thats all I seek.
I do not think that I ask more than the Preamble to the Constitution and
I certainly try living by General Dougls MacArturs words.I know of no
other person now alive listening to General Douglas MacArthur talking to
Admiral Bull Halsey at Pervis Bay,Tulagi across from Guadacanal.
I do have a beautifull letter fro President Senior Bush reminding me
that we served together in The South Pacific and his Calender never used
all of this to pass on to my Grand Chidren an GreatGreat Grand Children
for this is history.In fact I know that I am history from General Walter
Short to General MacArthur with my serviceconnected records started by a
Generals report.Sure I am proud of my Servie record for any person with
a drop of patriotic blood would be to have my recod.I was very nice
looking till my head injury and every bit of my skeletal service
connected.....my record can never be taken from me.I havebeen told that
I was proud to have been with them but the answer was do not ever forget
we were proud to have you this is in my treasure bos.Lead me for I am
blind to your ways and old but one day I plowed the ground for you to be
walking on.Old age is honor despite many notknowing so and all will
follow me to that final gasp for breat...not like my great General with
his last breath ...the core but mine will be God I tried tofollow your
way.I did love MacArthur but Godis Eternity.


AL DARDEN

From:	Albert Darden <dogwood1211@webtv.net>
Sent:	Friday, July 14, 2006 8:37 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Fwd: A Balanced Budget Amendment... and Tax Reform to Match
Attachments:	A Balanced Budget Amendment... and Tax Reform to Match

Governor Bush in all respect To President Ronald Regan and all other
goverment officals I have to disagree with what seems a good Bill that
did not serve in combat areas.
This would tie the Presidents hands due to the lack of money to assure
the combat troops the finest of available weapons.
In the South Pacific after Pearl Harbor our weapons were limited to WW1
weapons far inferior to the Japaneese new concept of weapons.
Our Rifles were Springfield 03 a single shot long range rifle good for
hunting but not for Jungle warfare.The enemy were in close even in trees
contact. Thank goodness the rifle was changed gradually to the Gerand
Rifle of rapid fire.                Our anti aircraft guns were 75 MM
lacking in range a WW1 weapon but slowly changed to 90MM long range anti
aircraft weapons and smaller rapid fire shells that carried explosive
missle heads.The President was able to accomplish this by his access to
money and research.            The ultimate weapon was the A bomb that
saved many American lives.                      General Douglas
MacArthur frequently quoted the troops were entitled to the best of
weapons that money could buy. To limit our President present or future
to obselete weapons would be a crime for the countries very survival
depended on all out war.The enemy is busy trying to bring new weapons to
bare and Our President is obligated to give his troops the finest of
weapons that money can buy or create.     I do not even think this is a
Republican issue but one stuck to the Republicans as a wooden Horse of
Troy.I believe in a balanced budget but nothing is ever perfect.
I never served in the European combat area for my entire four years
overseas was in the South Pacific.However,I was well aware the German
Tiger tank out gunned and made ours look like ten cent store
weapons.Superior other equipment and the massive Russian Army more than
off set German Superior weapons.No President can fight a war with
limited tied up money funds therefore this Bill should be soundlty
defeated.Let the Eagle fly with his full stock of spears.Sincerly

AL DARDEN

From:	Armstrong, Eva <Eva.Armstrong@dep.state.fl.us>
Sent:	Friday, July 14, 2006 6:27 PM
To:	LJMoller@aol.com; Glisson, Mark; Castille, Colleen; Governor Jeb Bush; wildfed@aol.com; lane.asaf@comcast.net; barjnpwll@aol.com; CaptFrankAdams@aol.com
Cc:	struting57@hughes.net
Subject:	Re: The 104-year-old company long ago owned the land -- among 2-million acres

Jack, I have asked the appropriate DSL staff to look in to this. 

We will have to pull some records that have been archived.  

A note:  BOT acquisitions have hstorically required that sellers clear up
these types of issues when they are known before closing.  It is the title
company' responsibility to flush out any and all encumbrances or potential
clouds to a title before they commit to provide the insurance policy on that
deed/clear title.  If we find there is a problem we will file a claim to
resolve the issue for the BOT..
Eva
--------------------------
Eva Armstrong
850-245-2555
sent from my Blackberry 


-----Original Message-----
From: LJMoller@aol.com <LJMoller@aol.com>
To: Glisson, Mark <Mark.Glisson@dep.state.fl.us>; Armstrong, Eva
<Eva.Armstrong@dep.state.fl.us>; Castille, Colleen
<Colleen.Castille@dep.state.fl.us>; bush@eog.state.fl.us
<bush@eog.state.fl.us>; Wildfed@aol.com <Wildfed@aol.com>;
lane.asaf@comcast.net <lane.asaf@comcast.net>; BARJNPWLL@aol.com
<BARJNPWLL@aol.com>; CaptFrankAdams@aol.com <CaptFrankAdams@aol.com>
CC: struting57@hughes.net <struting57@hughes.net>
Sent: Fri Jul 14 17:12:41 2006
Subject: Re: The 104-year-old company long ago owned the land -- among
2-million acres

Mark
I understand what you are saying but apparently there is some truth to this
issue, claim, if not then would not the attorney General (AG) of FL be after
this company for sending such letters to home owners in Wellington. Remember
Wellington is near JW Corbitt, J Dickinson State Park and Palmar.
 
I am not sure how they could do this because when you purchase land, house,
there is a title search and then title insurance.  It seems this issue would
show up under such and investigation. But then if it did not the same might
well happen when our folks did their due diligence.
 
Maybe someone of authority on this list should send the issue to the AG for
his review.
 
Jack 
 
In a message dated 7/14/2006 5:08:05 PM Central Standard Time,
Mark.Glisson@dep.state.fl.us writes:

Jack: I'm certainly no expert on this issue, and will yield to whomever on
the e-mail list knows better, but I think there are several parts to the
answer: First, your question assumes that the company sold out some time ago
and maintained the mineral rights on at least some of their lands.  Well, if
we discovered (And we almost certainly would) during our due diligence
preceding acquisition that they owned those rights and there existed a risk
that they could come and exercise those rights, we probably would not buy the
land. Second, if they did not also have a right of access to the minerals,
their ownership of the rights would probably be moot. And finally, we might
not worry about mineral rights if the experts (Geology, etc) tell us there
are no minerals to extract. I think we're safe.
 
Mark

  _____  

From: LJMoller@aol.com [mailto:LJMoller@aol.com] 
Sent: Friday, July 14, 2006 11:54 AM
To: Glisson, Mark; Armstrong, Eva; Castille, Colleen; bush@eog.state.fl.us;
Wildfed@aol.com; lane.asaf@comcast.net; BARJNPWLL@aol.com;
CaptFrankAdams@aol.com
Cc: struting57@hughes.net
Subject: The 104-year-old company long ago owned the land -- among 2-million
acres


Mark
If this company did own 2-million acres and the mineral rights do they still
own these rights under FL Conservation lands and BOT sovereign lands?  If so
what can be done to protect these properties?
 
Jack



 <http://www.sun-sentinel.com/> http://www.sun-sentinel.com/
<http://www.sun-sentinel.com/images/standard/clear.gif>

  <http://www.sun-sentinel.com/images/standard/logo_red_line.gif>
<http://www.sun-sentinel.com/images/standard/clear.gif>
<http://www.sun-sentinel.com/images/standard/clear.gif>
<http://www.sun-sentinel.com/images/standard/clear.gif>
<http://www.sun-sentinel.com/images/standard/clear.gif>
<http://www.sun-sentinel.com/images/standard/clear.gif> 	
  <http://www.sun-sentinel.com/images/standard/under_logo.gif> 	
http://www.sun-sentinel.com/news/local/southflorida/sfl-pminerals14jul14,0,57
46890.story?coll=sfla-home-headlines 

Louisiana company claims mineral rights to 1,000 
properties in Palm Beach County 
  
By Marc Freeman
South Florida Sun-Sentinel

July 14, 2006


Wellington -- Ed Muller thought the form letter with its seemingly outrageous
claim looked like junk mail:

Could a Louisiana company really hold rights to dig up minerals beneath the
house he has owned here for 10 years? And would he have to pay at least
$1,000 to remove this sudden "cloud" over his Greenview Shores home's title?

"These guys came out of the woodwork," Muller, a commercial real estate
broker, said of the mailing from Southern States Land & Timber LLC. "It's
almost like an extortion attempt."

But a review of Palm Beach County court records verified the company's notice
as authentic and far-reaching: There are mineral rights claims affecting
1,000 properties, covering thousands of acres in Wellington and other areas
in the county.

On June 27, Southern States declared its interest in "oil, gas, and mineral
rights and deposits" on these lands, as well as the legal authority to "test
for, explore and conduct whatever extractive activities are necessary."

The company did not indicate when or whether that would take place. It only
wants homeowners to be aware of the possibility that the company could show
up to stake its claim.

"It's perhaps more intimidating or scary to the residents than it ought to
be," said Harry J. Smith, executive vice president and general manager of the
Franklin, La.-based business. He declined to reveal the company's plans, or
whether it intends to extract minerals.

"We feel there are valuable rights and the value will change over time," he
said. "We want to protect the asset, whatever it's worth."

Homeowners who want to avoid any chance of excavation may seek a company
waiver, Smith said.

The price is about one-third of 1 percent of the property's value, or $440
for a one-acre or smaller lot, whatever amount is greater. For a $500,000
home, the cost is $1,500.

Residents may opt to wait and obtain the waivers at the time they decide to
sell their properties, so there's a guaranteed clear title for real estate
deals, Smith said.

The 104-year-old company long ago owned the land -- among 2-million acres of
holdings in Florida -- but never relinquished mineral rights in some areas,
he said. Southern States reaffirms its interests every 30 years, as required
by Florida law.

Linda Culbertson, spokeswoman for the Palm Beach County Clerk of the Courts,
said Southern States' notices were properly filed according to state
statutes, Chapter 712, a section titled Marketable Record Titles To Real
Property.

Homeowners wondering whether they are at risk for similar mineral rights
claims can pay for a title search of their property. Such searches typically
are required for real estate transactions.

Southern States last filed its mineral rights notices in 1976, and will again
in 2036, Smith said, acknowledging that homeowners were caught off guard.
Along with Palm Beach County, notices were sent to owners of 2,000 properties
in Martin County.

Wellington resident Lew Blatte says the claim doesn't make any sense. He says
his Sugar Pond home of 14 years is surely not on top of an untapped oil
reserve or anything worthy of excavating.

"As far as I'm concerned there's nothing under anything out here except sand
and water," said Blatte, publisher of Wellington The Magazine.

But other homeowners are scurrying to figure out their legal options,
wondering whether drilling is imminent and whether they should pay for a
waiver from the company.

Muller says his attorney discovered that Southern States granted a release of
its mineral rights claim to his property in 1978, so it shouldn't be an issue
for him today. He's seeking to have the notice removed from his property
records, so it doesn't interfere with his ability to refinance his mortgage.

Smith says he expects challenges, noting that in some cases, "it could be our
records are wrong."

Title searches conducted before real estate closings should reveal whether
anyone has mineral or other rights to a property, said Larry E. Bray, a real
estate attorney in Palm Springs. In most cases, a release of those interests
is attached to the title and it doesn't become an issue.

Also, homeowners usually purchase title insurance to protect them against all
future claims.

"I don't think most [owners] have a worry," Bray said.

If title companies failed to uncover Southern States' mineral rights, people
may have purchased their homes without ever knowing about it, Smith said.

To Cathie Blatte, who along with her husband Lew plans to stay in their home,
it sounds questionable.

"It's totally ridiculous to hold this over us," she said. "It's like, `Come
up with some money or you'll have a hard time when you try to sell.'"

Marc Freeman can be reached at mjfreeman@sun-sentinel.com or 561-243-6642.


Copyright (c) 2006, South Florida Sun-Sentinel <http://www.sun-sentinel.com/>

 
<http://tste.sun-sentinel.com/tte/blank.gif?0.49038495612712385&v=3.1.0.26azz
z&r=http%3A//www.sun-sentinel.com/news/local/southflorida/sfl-pminerals14jul1
4%2C0%2C5746890.story%3Fcoll%3Dsfla-home-headlines&p=LCN:&page=http%3A//www.s
un-sentinel.com/news/local/southflorida/sfl-pminerals14jul14%2C0%2C6978376%2C
print.story%3Fcoll%3Dsfla-home-headlines&tz=240&s=12201&c_TID=12q7ovr11mffil&
c_TID=12q7ovr11mffil&c_rcid=null>  


From:	Bigjimprobass@aol.com
Sent:	Friday, July 14, 2006 5:37 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	concerns about lake O

http://www.riverscoalition.org/
From:	AHyman357@aol.com
Sent:	Friday, July 14, 2006 3:32 PM
To:	president@whitehouse.gov; Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Fwd: A Friend Recommends This Important Article From Frontpagemag.com
Attachments:	A Friend Recommends This Important Article From Frontpagemag.com


In a message dated 7/14/06 10:16:24 AM, david.hyman@wachoviasec.com writes:




http://www.frontpagemag.com/Articles/ReadArticle.asp?ID=23362





From:	Juanita Escobedo <jescobedo@cfhconline.org>
Sent:	Friday, July 14, 2006 3:12 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Attachments:	DSC07946.JPG

Mr. Governor
I'm sure you are kept well informed, just thought you should see the attached photo.
To some it seems sarcastic, to others it's humor, I find it prejudicial and racist.
We should all be concerned with the aftershock that Mayor Macklin's ordinance will cause
to the economy of this small-town community-Avon Park, Florida.
Respectfully
Juanita
 
The information contained in this e-mail message may be confidential and regulated by HIPAA and JCAHO.  If you are not the intended recipient, you are hereby notified that any dissemination, distribution or copying is strictly prohibited.  If you have received this e-mail message in error, please forward this email to the CFHC MIS Department at jelder@cfhconline.org.

From:	dreamandbelieve@bellsouth.net
Sent:	Friday, July 14, 2006 3:09 PM
To:	Schultz, Carol
Cc:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Re: RE:  Medicaid Waiver Brief   P.Kelley

Thank you.  We still believe that someone exists within the system that can and will look at my individual situation and support assisted living, in the Pavilian, funding for me since Florida is unable and/or unwilling to support sufficient home care hours to keep me from a nursing home and in my apartment.   bcc to supporters and friends

Kind Regards,
Peggy Kelley

> 
> From: "Schultz, Carol" <schultzc@ahca.myflorida.com>
> Date: 2006/07/14 Fri AM 09:04:43 EDT
> To: <dreamandbelieve@bellsouth.net>
> CC: "Abbott, Darcy" <abbottd@ahca.myflorida.com>, 
> 	"Smith, Wendy" <smithw@ahca.myflorida.com>, 
> 	"Young, Keith" <youngk@ahca.myflorida.com>
> Subject: RE:  Medicaid Waiver Brief
> 
> Dear Ms. Talley:
> Per your request, I am writing a brief synopses of how a Medicaid waiver
> is formulated.  A waiver is developed by the state in partnership with
> the federal Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services (CMS) on a
> specific template provided by CMS.  A waiver is developed for a certain
> population and specifies services that may be provided to that
> population.  There are certain limitations, restrictions, and financial
> accountability for each waiver.  For example, to amend the age
> requirement for the Assisted Living for the Elderly waiver to
> individuals under the age of 60, there would be a very large financial
> impact.  Amendments can be requested by the state for approval by CMS.
> The Agency for Health Care Administration would be the state agency to
> request any changes to a waiver.  There are three issues that would
> impact a change to a waiver:
> 1.  Legislative intent; 
> 2.  Funding; and,
> 3.  Writing the intent as an amendment for federal approval.
> 
> I hope this has answered your questions.        
> 
> Sincerely,
> 
> Carol Schultz
> Medical/Health Care Program Analyst
> Long Term Care Waivers & Institutional Unit
> Agency for Health Care Administration
> (850) 922-7349   schultzc@ahca.myflorida.com
> 
> This e-mail may include confidential and/or proprietary information, and
> may be used only by the person or entity to which it is addressed.  If
> the reader of this e-mail is not the intended recipient or, his or her
> authorized agent, the reader is hereby notified that any dissemination,
> distribution or copying of this e-mail is prohibited.  If you have
> received this in error, please reply to the sender and delete it
> immediately.
> 
> 
> 
> 

From:	dreamandbelieve@bellsouth.net
Sent:	Friday, July 14, 2006 3:03 PM
To:	Schultz, Carol
Cc:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Re: RE: (#51470/24157)   P. Kelley

I need additional home care hours (or fundin for assisted living) even after my full recovery.  Thank you.  Inlcluded bcc to friends
> 
> From: "Schultz, Carol" <schultzc@ahca.myflorida.com>
> Date: 2006/07/14 Fri AM 09:27:07 EDT
> To: <dreamandbelieve@bellsouth.net>
> Subject: RE: (#51470/24157)
> 
> Dear Ms. Kelley:
> Governor Bush appreciates hearing from you and has asked me to respond
> to your email.  I work for the Agency for Health Care Administration,
> Florida's Medicaid agency.  I oversee the Aged/Disabled Adult and
> Assisted Living for the Elderly waiver.  
> 
> I have made contact with several people regarding the issue of extra
> home health services for you while you recover from your hospital stay.
> I have talked with Twila Sherman in the Tallahassee office of the
> Department of Children and Families' Adult Services program.  She has
> been in touch with the District 7 Adult Services Program office in
> Orlando.  I understand that an individual from this office will soon
> visit you in your home to discuss your needs and to arrange for the
> extra home health services.  If you wish to contact the Adult Services
> Program Office in Orlando they may be reached at: (407) 245-0410.
> 
> I understand from your case manager, Sarah Smith, that your new
> wheelchair will be delivered to you on, or around, July 19, 2006.
> 
> I have been told that the Medicaid Area 7 Office in Orlando is working
> with you on your desire to find an assisted living facility that will
> accept your pet.  Hopefully, you will find an acceptable facility and be
> able to relocate soon.
> 
> Again, thank you for writing.  If you need further assistance, please
> contact the District 7 Adult Services' office and they will assist you.
> 
> Sincerely,
>         
> Carol Schultz
> Medical/Health Care Program Analyst
> Long Term Care Waivers & Institutional Unit
> Agency for Health Care Administration
> (850) 922-7349   schultzc@ahca.myflorida.com
> 
> This e-mail may include confidential and/or proprietary information, and
> may be used only by the person or entity to which it is addressed.  If
> the reader of this e-mail is not the intended recipient or, his or her
> authorized agent, the reader is hereby notified that any dissemination,
> distribution or copying of this e-mail is prohibited.  If you have
> received this in error, please reply to the sender and delete it
> immediately.
> 
> ----- Message from <dreamandbelieve@bellsouth.net> on Fri, 30 Jun 2006
> 13:03:13 -0400 -----
>  
> 
>          To: "Governor Jeb Bush" <jeb.bush@myflorida.com>
> 
>  
> 
>          cc: <gailsteadman@robertsonihc.com>
> 
>  
> 
>     Subject: Peggy Kelley
> 
>  
> 
> 
> Hi Rex and friends (bbc) and cc to Gail Steadman,
> 
> New concern... domino effect:
> 
> While in the hospital, I was in bed much longer than I would have been
> here, with a properly working chair.  They were using a cream on a
> potential bed sore.  It has worsened and now the size of a quarter.  If
> it becomes larger and/or deeper, I will be forced to go back to the
> hospital.
> 
> Just talked to GailSteadman at my home care agency (407-740-5284) and
> she explained that she called CCE (the agency that pays for my home
> care) to find out why they have not faxed over the previously allowcated
> extra hours.  Gail was told by the social worker at Florida hospital
> south, that CCE would be paying for the extra hours to help me until I
> have a properly working wheelchair.  Gail stated that the woman at CCE
> (a Sndrea???) said that [her hands were tied.... its in Talahassee's
> control.]  Gail and I are assuming that until allowction ia the state is
> set in stone, CCE are not going to pay as promised.  This is not fair or
> appropriate for Intrime nor me.  Extra hours have been used starting the
> day I came out of the hospital.  I could not have returned home without
> these extra survival hours (even limited).  Please consider having
> someone from Talahassee mediciad office call Gail to remedy this.  I
> need the extra hours (including the hour tonight) or a nursing home or
> hosptal is necessary asap.  Medicaid will also not pay for a nurse to
> visit (sore on bottom).
> Medicare will but I do not have Medicare (never had and no one knew
> why).
> I do now have a phone appointment application on July 17.  I pray that I
> don't fall through the cracks again.  Please ask someone to consider
> paying
> (medicaid) for the nurse visit asap or (if it worsened), I must call the
> ambulance and return to the hospital.
> 
> The neglect of this disabled person, in need of a working chair longggg
> ago, has caused a very expensive domino effect, for Florida and for a
> human being (me).
> 
> With respect and gratitude,
> Peggy Kelley
> 
> 
> 
> 
> 

From:	goodtimeddie@aol.com
Sent:	Friday, July 14, 2006 2:55 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	A news story given almost zero play

A news story given almost zero play

Complete article at: http://jewishworldreview.com/cols/crosby071406.asp  

A news story that was given almost zero play in the mainstream press was the protest march against illegal immigration held in Hollywood last Saturday night by members of the Minuteman Project and other groups in favor of tighter border control. Although it was reported briefly on the LA Times web site, no mention of the march appeared in Sunday's paper (At least not in the Valley edition that I read). If you haven't heard what happened, allow me to give you a brief rundown. 

The pro-American marchers — the people against illegal immigration, were low key and civilized. They waved American flags, carried banners in favor of increased border protection, and made their way peacefully along Hollywood Boulevard. Then the pro-illegal immigration crowds began gathering along the sidewalks. Some were illegal aliens, some were clearly gang members. They started shouting inflammatory epithets and slogans at the marchers both in Spanish and English. They carried Mexican flags, upside-down American flags, and threw bottles, rocks, and anything else they could hurl. 

The police had to quickly shelter the peaceful marchers from the aggressive illegal alien crowds. Many of the marchers were older citizens and were visibly upset over the attack by non-American illegals. "I can't believe this thing is happening in my country," cried one woman. "This is America!" One police officer was injured and several arrests were made before it was all over. If you don't think this is an invasion, my friends, you're living on another planet. Los Angeles is ground zero for the illegal immigration of millions. And you 'aint seen nothin' yet. 

Reader comment:
This is what happens when we have a president who’s too weak to lead. It’s time for the impeachment train to leave the station.

Pls pass along.

From:	dreamandbelieve@bellsouth.net
Sent:	Friday, July 14, 2006 2:55 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Cc:	kac527@aol.com
Subject:	[Fwd: RE:  Medicaid Waiver Brief]  P,Kelley

Peggy Kelley received this per request.  Also bcc to friends

> From: "Schultz, Carol" <schultzc@ahca.myflorida.com>
> Date: 2006/07/14 Fri AM 09:04:43 EDT
> To: <dreamandbelieve@bellsouth.net>
> CC: "Abbott, Darcy" <abbottd@ahca.myflorida.com>, 
> 	"Smith, Wendy" <smithw@ahca.myflorida.com>, 
> 	"Young, Keith" <youngk@ahca.myflorida.com>
> Subject: RE:  Medicaid Waiver Brief
> 
> Dear Ms. Talley:
> Per your request, I am writing a brief synopses of how a Medicaid waiver
> is formulated.  A waiver is developed by the state in partnership with
> the federal Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services (CMS) on a
> specific template provided by CMS.  A waiver is developed for a certain
> population and specifies services that may be provided to that
> population.  There are certain limitations, restrictions, and financial
> accountability for each waiver.  For example, to amend the age
> requirement for the Assisted Living for the Elderly waiver to
> individuals under the age of 60, there would be a very large financial
> impact.  Amendments can be requested by the state for approval by CMS.
> The Agency for Health Care Administration would be the state agency to
> request any changes to a waiver.  There are three issues that would
> impact a change to a waiver:
> 1.  Legislative intent; 
> 2.  Funding; and,
> 3.  Writing the intent as an amendment for federal approval.
> 
> I hope this has answered your questions.        
> 
> Sincerely,
> 
> Carol Schultz
> Medical/Health Care Program Analyst
> Long Term Care Waivers & Institutional Unit
> Agency for Health Care Administration
> (850) 922-7349   schultzc@ahca.myflorida.com
> 
> This e-mail may include confidential and/or proprietary information, and
> may be used only by the person or entity to which it is addressed.  If
> the reader of this e-mail is not the intended recipient or, his or her
> authorized agent, the reader is hereby notified that any dissemination,
> distribution or copying of this e-mail is prohibited.  If you have
> received this in error, please reply to the sender and delete it
> immediately.
> 
> 
> 
> 

From:	Lt. Governor Toni Jennings
Sent:	Friday, July 14, 2006 2:45 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	FW: Florida laws are violating Civil Rights Laws.
Attachments:	Angered.jpg



-----Original Message-----
From: John J Meyer [mailto:johanjj@juno.com] 
Sent: Friday, July 14, 2006 1:02 PM
To: Lt. Governor Toni Jennings
Subject: Florida laws are violating Civil Rights Laws.


Dear Toni Jennings,

Every American has the right to have a hearing in a civil rights dispute.

I have been unable to receive a hearing by the Polk County School Board, also unable to receive representation from local Senators or Representatives. Polk County Commissioners and Florida attorneys are declining to look into my civil rights dispute. Governor Jeb Bush claims in writing that he is powerless to look into this matter.

Senator and Representative in the State of Florida have an obligation to look into the misuse of the following Florida laws. The “Florida Home Rule” and the "Employment at-will State”. They are being misused interactively by the Polk County school politicians for their political interest and not for the best interest of our students and our educational system.  Ignoring this for political reasons is not justifiable. The attached article by “The Ledger” our local newspaper is also telling you that something is wrong. (See Attachment of a sign placed at State Road # 27 in Lake Wales Fl.).

I have been official dismissed from teaching by Dr. Clinton Wright as a part-time Electrical Instructor for not donating to a private fundraising campaign. Conveniently called, dismissed for a difference of opinion, using Florida’s "employment at-will" state. 

I have been unable to receive a hearing by the Polk County School Board and no representation from local Senators or Representatives. Governor Jeb Bush claims in writing that he is powerless to look into this matter. Polk County  Commissioners and Florida attorneys are declining to look into this matter.

The following is from desk of wendy.hosking@polk.fl.net, regarding private fundraising campaigns. There is no prohibition against participating in a private fund raising campaign; it should be noted that participation must be voluntary. It cannot be made, either implicitly or explicitly, a condition of employment, nor can participation or lack thereof form the basis of any employment action or disparate treatment. 

When I came back from summer vacation I found all my study material placed in boxes in the hallway. The hard drive had been take out of the school computer with my prepared lessons to start the second semester. This is a violation of 447,501 (1) (a) and (b) of Florida Status (2004)’1, Pursuant to section 447,503(20). My civil rights have been violated by the Polk County School Board for not following due process.  

I have not only been discriminated against but also harassed, humiliate for all school employees and students to see. The fundraising campaign did run through March 10. I continued to receive pledge forms in my school mailbox including one illegally placed in my home mailbox. I kept on teaching under those absurd circumstances for 6 month. It ended with a dismissal for a difference of opinion in the middle of a semester. No one should have to accept this type of abuse in a Florida Public School System.  

From the desk of Glenda Hood, Florida’s Secretary of State; Florida is an "employment at-will" state. An employer can terminate an employee for any reason, at any time, without advance notification so long as there is no violation of federal or state law. Polk County violated 447,501 (1) (a) and (b) of Florida Status (2004)’1, Pursuant to section 447,503(20), including school board regulation 60X53-8, 004 (C). School employee Debby Davis has been assigned to do the administration. The private fund raising campaign has been approved by the Polk County School Board for political reason. The All-Arian fund raising has been approved by the USF.

I donated my time to train minorities and women to pass a mechanics test. On August 17, 2005, School Board Attorney Deming Cowles wrote to me that the school “can dismiss you for you’ re [sic] ethnic background....’ no explanation needed “. Calling names in place of solving a problem. 

For the sake of our students, our educational and our justice system every Senator and Representative in the State of Florida has an obligation to look into this matter. Ignoring this for political reasons is not justifiable. 

I have been an excellent part-time electrical instructor at Brevard Community College for many years and should be entitled to teach again in the Polk County School system. 

Sincerely yours,

John J. Meyer
404 Whitman Rd. 
Winter Haven Fl. 33884




From:	cares@marcocares.com
Sent:	Friday, July 14, 2006 2:43 PM
To:	Attorney General
Cc:	Rony Joel; Bill Harrison; A. William Moss; city council; Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Response to Attorney Yovanovich's reply to CARES letter of July 4
Attachments:	2006-07-14- EJF Letter to Crist - Final.pdf

Dear Attorney General Crist:
 
My apologies to all recipients.  The attachment was inadvertently deleted from the previous e-mail.
 
Attached please find a letter giving CARES response to City Attorney Yovanovich's rebuttal of my letter of July 4.  A hard copy of the attached letter will be mailed to you today.
 
Thank you for your attention to this matter.
 
Sincerely,
 
Ed Foster
Chairman, C.A.R.E.S., Inc.
www.marcocares.com
Reply to: cares@marcocares.com
From:	Bill Woods <billwoods@woodsconsulting.org>
Sent:	Friday, July 14, 2006 2:44 PM
To:	bob.g.ballard@dep.state.fl.us
Cc:	jim.stoutamire@dep.state.fl.us; Vielhauer, Harold; cynthia.muir@dep.state.fl.us; doug.fry@dep.state.fl.us; richardb@hgslaw.com; execdir@fmca.us; Jones, Dennis; Senator Jim King; Bennett, Michael (LEG); hungerford.chuck@leg.state.fl.us; Tramsberger@ramsbergerlaw.com; Cowan, Allen; DBACON@BACONANDBACON.C0M; execdir@fmca.us; dspeeler@aol.com; Cathy Giordano; Dexter Harris; Diane Sawaya-Crane; Gail Robinson; Jim Boxold; Perez, Kent; Kevin Stanfield; Marci Britt; Bonfiglio, Nick; Pat Gleason; Goodson, Rachel; Johnson, Rob; Robert Tornillo; Bronson, Charles H.; Charlie Christ; Governor Jeb Bush; Gallagher, Tom
Subject:	Heightened Public Concern Basis in Law

July 14, 2006

Robert Ballard

Deputy Secretary 

Department of Environmental Protection

Dear Mr. Ballard: 

I have read the Florida Administrative Code, specifically Section 18-21.0051(4), as it applies to the concept of "heightened public concern." The F.A.C. under the above section states that heightened public concern applies to such applications that are "reasonably expected to result in a heightened public concern, because of its potential effect on the environment, natural resources, or controversial nature or location." I note under 18-21.003, Definition, "controversial" is not defined.  

 

Section 18-21.0051(4) is being applied in such a manner to require that any application  which results in a public slip being taken private must be approved by the Board.  However, it would appear that Section 18-21.0051(4)  is invalid based on Section 120.52(8)(d), F.S.  Section 120.52(8)(d), F.S. defines rules that are vague, fail to establish adequate standards for agency decisions, or vest unbridled discretion in the agency.  Specifically, it is not apparent by application of Section 18-21.0051(4) why  a boat slip that was once occupied by a member of the public at large, and is now occupied by a member of the public that lives at a condominium or town home community, should be deemed of "heightened public concern.  The effect of the slip being used by a condominium or town home resident as opposed to the its use by a member of the public at large has, in my opinion, no impact on the environment, natural resources, the slip’s location, nor is it of a controversial nature.  Again, note the F.A.C. does not define the term controversial.

For the two applications our firm is processing which have been deemed of heightened public concern by the DEP staff and therefore must go before the Board of Trustees for approval (one addressing 22 slips and the other, 9 slips),  neither application received a single letter of opposition or concern from the public.  Further, for both applications, the local governmental agencies approved the applications.  In the case of the 22 slip application, there were a total of three public hearings, one at the city level and two at the county level.  No opposition was voiced by any member of the public at any of the three hearings.  Given there was not a single letter of opposition or concern from the public or the local governmental agencies, it should be apparent there is no “public” concern nor are the applications “controversial”.  Thus, in my opinion, the application of Section 18-21-0051(4) is vague and definitely vests unbridled discretion in the agency.

Once the two applications go to the Board, what standard or regulation will the Board rely on to be the basis for any Board actions?  Section 18-21.005(4) provides no standards for the Board’s decisions, thus it would appear the Board actions will be arbitrary and capricious.  Section 120.52(8)(e) of the Florida Statutes defines rules that are arbitrary or capricious as invalid. 

In summary, requiring every application wherein a public boat slip is taken private to appear before the Board is not justified by rule.  Section 18-21.0051(4), F.A.C. should be deemed invalid in this application as it vague, fails to establish standards for agency decisions, vests unbridled discretion in the agency and furthermore, is arbitrary and capricious.  As such, upon application of Florida Statutes, Section 120.52(8)(d) and Section 120.52(8)(e), Section 18-21.005(4), F.A.C. should be deemed invalid.

Respectfully,

Bill Woods 

Woods Consulting

1714 County Road 1, Suite 22

Dunedin, Florida 34698

(727) 786-5747

From:	Cottone67@aol.com
Sent:	Friday, July 14, 2006 2:41 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	(no subject)

hey Jed
i tried to contact you by phone cuz you said you where the peoples governor you know the group of people who work the hardest and longest for nothing don't you remember us? you sure did during your last campaign how do you sleep at night  knowing that you take from the people of this state who work for little or nothing, you no the ones that can't afford to feed there kids though were out working everyday and that would be for what Mr. bush to pay higher daycare,  little or no insurance. let me ask you a question? you ever have to chose to feed your kids or pay a higher electric bill or every had your children look at you  and have to say no for a toy. well of course not so you have no clue what its like. has your mother every had to take half of medication cuz there  was not enough money for it all even though she worked all her life. well that was stupid to ask cuz you have no clue cuz you don't care about the little people of this state. shame on you for your phony concern and you half truth's. hey what  do we the little people us tax payers pay to keep the governors mansion cool per month? if my taxes are paying for you to stay cool maybe I can come visit you and enjoy what us tax pay to keep you cool and that would be how much per month. I'd be happy to come to dinner and see how our great governor lives. you and your family are invited to my home but bring a fan cuz you'll be hot in here. you no the F.P.L hike  the one that has cost me 167.00 more in the last 2 months pretty hard to care when it dose not effect your family I'm looking forward to your departure of this state. but until then i can't pay my rent  and electric bill so I'm hoping i can come stay with the people's governor that be you Jed sent a car I'll be waiting.
                                                            the little guy
From:	cares@marcocares.com
Sent:	Friday, July 14, 2006 2:39 PM
To:	Attorney General
Cc:	Rony Joel; Bill Harrison; A. William Moss; city council; Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Response to Attorney Yovanovich's reply to CARES letter of July 4 re Marco Island STRP

Dear Attorney General Crist:
 
Attached please find a letter giving CARES response to City Attorney Yovanovich's rebuttal of my letter of July 4.  A hard copy of the attached letter will be mailed to you today.
 
Thank you for your attention to this matter.
 
Sincerely,
 
Ed Foster
Chairman, C.A.R.E.S., Inc.
www.marcocares.com
Reply to: cares@marcocares.com
From:	K Sommer <killianhistorical@yahoo.com>
Sent:	Friday, July 14, 2006 2:13 PM
To:	dferro@dos.state.fl.us; ikammerer@dos.state.fl.us; rjones@dos.state.fl.us; fmsfile@dos.state.fl.us
Cc:	Governor Jeb Bush; Jose Garcia
Subject:	Illegal Alteration, Killian Drive State Historic Highway, Miami, Florida (Laws of Florida, Chapter 95-434)

Bureau of Historic Preservation
Division of Historical Resources
Department of State, Tallahassee, Florida
 
Re: Killian Drive Historic Highway, Miami, Florida
       [Laws of Florida, Chapter 95-434, gives no authority
        to the Bureau of Historic Preservation to alter 
        this highway - BHP only has the authority to grant         
        ordinary maintenance]
 
On occasion, State and/or County and/or Municipal agencies
may/have requested persmission from you to alter the above 
mentioned State Historic Highway.
 
In l996, the Bureau of Historic Preservation illegally 
granted the FDOT authority to alter this road. You 
consulted no one. 
 
We demand to be notified if any agency requests permission
to do work on this road, and to be represented at a hearing on any such request. Also, we request the Attorney General,
State of Florida, be notified.
 
Killian Drive Historical Society
Miami, Florida
www.killiandrivehistorical.org
phone: (305) 271-5786  
 
 

  _____  

Yahoo! Messenger with Voice. Make PC-to-Phone Calls to the US (and 30+ countries) for 2¢/min or less.
From:	westcoastwillieg@aol.com
Sent:	Friday, July 14, 2006 1:55 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	University of the Illegals

University of the Illegals

Complete article at: 
http://www.pittsburghlive.com/x/pittsburghtrib/opinion/columnists/vassilaros/s_461744.html

 Just when it seems apologists for illegal immigration could not be more brazen in their ceaseless campaigns to force this republic to treat illegals and law-abiding Americans as equals, they become more so. Picture a university in America for the so-called undocumented workers. 

The Esperanza Montessori Academy, a K-12 charter school in South Phoenix, quietly is working with Catholic University of Trujillo in Peru to build a school designed with undocumented immigrants in mind, according to The Business Journal of Phoenix. 

It will be built on five acres of the charter school's 14-acre campus, Fernando Ruiz told The Business Journal. Mr. Ruiz is president of Espiritu Development Corp., operator of the academy. He figures it can be built for about $2 million and have about 500 students when it opens in 2007. Yes, 500. 

Pls copy and distribute freely.

From:	Precision Precise Enterprises <kimberabtachyon@pper.info>
Sent:	Friday, July 14, 2006 1:47 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Trade/Service Mark

Governor Jeb Bush:
 
Several areas of concerns that are reported in areas of RICO activities are now being prepared for the courts.  Evidence in areas of illegal use of Military. Law enforcement in areas of records in several areas of the United States provided evidence in several illegal areas involving my family and children. I submitted a resume to the Mayport Navy Base in Jacksonville FL in physical evidence of requested information in statements of both business and civilians that claim that Archive records are to be supplied for all and or any business related area.  This record as well as protection is not to be made public knowledge and records at the Senate level as well as interests in my business is not for any Mead link and or any media related area that determines the affiliates legal representation any other legal employment violation to ABC, NBC, CBS and or FOX. The employment violations of their RICO links provided in Radio and Media are violations to the privacy in all areas of income producing areas. Any sales or gifts are violations and the media in Tallahassee as well as Jacksonville interests as well as 1990 warnings have gone included evidence at Federal Levels of litigation and federal criminal charges.  Any law officer and or military personnel in any area of illegal use of frequency is subject to charges at their own involvements. I do not tolerate or assist any question from law enforcement and or military in any area that can not pass a House and or Senate complete investigation.  When I spoke with attorneys for The listed agencies the concerns of legal representation for the employees is criminal.  Their attorneys area not backing their criminal involvements and I am preparing litigation against their illegal activities from 1990 to present.  Records submitted involving ghost writers as well as any employment issue and or privacy matter is not left to the requests in any area including your office that invades in my privacy, family and or income areas.  The threats received by litigation amuses me and I am beginning to enjoy how much trouble that the involved are in only because of their statements and intentional areas of using children in business RICO related areas.  I do insist that their involvements are eliminated as well as any questions in any areas of pending litigation against law and military for their availability of information that includes " As long as this never happens to any other person again "  from interests of myself I said no years ago to any business and or tagging in any area.  Any issue that requires questions from your office including the House and Senate is to be directed to your office as well as the House and Senate.  The information supplied to Attorney Generals offices in several states includes the elimination of any political bearing for charges against both business and law officers who have have been reported in areas of not only using the white sound but depended upon the white sound in several areas of records that I will be using in litigation areas against law officers and military.  Disgruntled employees for all of the above already know areas of privacy stipulations as well as their secure areas of involvements that can or can not pass any House and Senate investigation. If their innocent then any person involved in this area has no concern or will receive any assistance from myself and or statements of claims to Remote Viewer rs involved.  I have stated that their men and women involved can testify against any human being in any area of their claims intended against any military agency and any questions directed in any area from myself is legally contracted and requires income. While eliminating their claims of illegal involvements in all areas and or interests evidence involving their convictions has occurred.  I am looking forward to the testimony's against any law officer who claims that military in the Tallahassee and or any area has any legal grounds to endanger my health and or depend upon any RICO related area when local media has already provided poor examples in all areas of illegal activities.  I am again asking assistance from your office in matters of business theft that has occurred in 2nd quarter tax records to be completed and submitted at the State of Florida level.  Now the issues of civil rights for white males in official legal records of reporting the frequency at the state level requires little assistance, paper and or ink pens.  If these men can not even prepare themselves for reality at the Department of Defense evidence as well as the Pentagon levels of honesty then they have forfeited all and or any rights in future areas of litigation. All involved in the Tallahassee area who has not reported the frequency is left to the excuses of threats used by law officers and or military in the local areas.  I do not back any law and military involvements and I will work with the courts to eliminate their involvements and include daily charges for the dependency of myself and family to begin with.  This issue was eliminated by RICO and required evidence that will assist many in areas of evidence to be provided to the courts.  I assure you they falsified information to the Federal Courts and is an example of their interests and their failure to except the evidence against their own involvements.  The service mark issue is an example of education issues  provided in areas of remote viewing, physics and chemistry.  These areas of interests provide a healthy and safety values that require levels of the laws in the sciences .  I do not want any of these laws violated and or interests for any other persons in any area that involves income to myself and or legal rights in any area.  Simple evidence of Uri Geller and the incomes produced by military is the example I meant to eliminate.  I hear as well as any other I am interested in the equipment that requires our records of curiosity for their involvements. I do not feel however that the equipment used was meant to assist my business and or income and these records were submitted to the IRS.  I do believe that areas of their own work would be interesting and I looked forward to working with their personnel and do to the information that provides military in this area from October of 2004 to present Military personnel must provide the involved to the courts.  If you can explain to the courts how any their interested military refused to pay for their interests in any legal areas including law officers interests in crimes that involved legal provisions in areas of their interests then the law may just win a case Until that time I know the violations that their men and women must protect themselves from and that is how I prepared my own case as well as protection for my own children and granchildren.  Any citizen. law officer and or military who has any legal comaplaints of work done by myself must report to the Pentagon as well as include their reports of involved that has been reported by the Veterens adiministration.  Their employess already reported the frequnecy while I had to work in Pentagon City in a little less then two hours time reports made by military employees was a success.  
 
Thank You 
 
Kimberly A. Miiller


From:	mikmikl@aol.com
Sent:	Friday, July 14, 2006 1:43 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Urgent Action To Control the Commodity Markets

Friday, July 14, 2006

Michael Levy
po box 7, 3032 East Commercial Blvd
Fortlauderdale FL, 

John Bush
Executive Office of the Governor        
The Capitol                             
Tallahassee          FL, 32399-0001

RE: Urgent Action To Control the Commodity Markets 

Urgent Action To Control the Commodity Markets 

Mercantile exchanges were formulated many years ago so that manufactures could go to a central market place and buy raw commodities on an open outcry basis, from companies that mined and harvested raw commodities. It was a fair way of dealing... when demand was high prices would be bid up by the manufactures that considered the supply necessary. Likewise, when demand was slack prices would fall to a fair market level. The law of supply and demand reigned supreme. 

 

In today’s futures world it is a significantly different picture. Any Tom, Dick or Abdul can bid up the price of a commodity. When fear and greed are induced by a media that use sensationalism to report every world event, prices can get completely out of control as is the case today with the price of oil. Every dollar increase on the price of oil feeds terrorist sponsoring states coffers like Iran, so that they can build more missiles and fund more terrorism.

 

If the G8 governments allow this trend to continue, oil will hit $100 soon. This will cause a world recession the like of which has never been seen ... Governmental controls are need now. 

 

When currencies trade erratically, central banks step in to balance the prices to a more sensible level. Equivalent action needs to be taken now to bring down the price of oil to around $45 a barrel. If this action is not taken soon then a self-destruction mode of events will take place and nobody will be immune from catastrophic financial chaos, that in turn, will bring political instability to many western governments. 

 

The only winners will be terrorists sponsoring states such as Iran, who are instigating the rise in oil by threatening to hold back supplies and helping terrorist attack Israel. The easy solution is for governments to set up a world agency that oversee the prices of commodities ... when thing get out of alignment, step in and send the greedy speculators to the bankruptcy court, at the same time, reduce the money Iran gets from its oil revenues.


Michael Levy. Syndicated columnist
http://www.pointoflife.com/

PO Box 7, 3032 Commercial Blvd.
Fort Lauderdale
Florida
USA
FL 33308
TEL 954-785-8439
 
**********************
 
 
 

Sincerely, 
Michael Levy
From:	Glisson, Mark <Mark.Glisson@dep.state.fl.us>
Sent:	Friday, July 14, 2006 1:47 PM
To:	LJMoller@aol.com; Armstrong, Eva; Castille, Colleen; Governor Jeb Bush; Wildfed@aol.com; lane.asaf@comcast.net; BARJNPWLL@aol.com; CaptFrankAdams@aol.com
Cc:	struting57@hughes.net
Subject:	RE: The 104-year-old company long ago owned the land -- among 2-million acres

Jack: I'm certainly no expert on this issue, and will yield to whomever on the e-mail list knows better, but I think there are several parts to the answer: First, your question assumes that the company sold out some time ago and maintained the mineral rights on at least some of their lands.  Well, if we discovered (And we almost certainly would) during our due diligence preceding acquisition that they owned those rights and there existed a risk that they could come and exercise those rights, we probably would not buy the land. Second, if they did not also have a right of access to the minerals, their ownership of the rights would probably be moot. And finally, we might not worry about mineral rights if the experts (Geology, etc) tell us there are no minerals to extract. I think we're safe.
 
Mark

  _____  

From: LJMoller@aol.com [mailto:LJMoller@aol.com] 
Sent: Friday, July 14, 2006 11:54 AM
To: Glisson, Mark; Armstrong, Eva; Castille, Colleen; bush@eog.state.fl.us; Wildfed@aol.com; lane.asaf@comcast.net; BARJNPWLL@aol.com; CaptFrankAdams@aol.com
Cc: struting57@hughes.net
Subject: The 104-year-old company long ago owned the land -- among 2-million acres


Mark
If this company did own 2-million acres and the mineral rights do they still own these rights under FL Conservation lands and BOT sovereign lands?  If so what can be done to protect these properties?
 
Jack



http://www.sun-sentinel.com/	  			
 	 	 	 	 	 	
 	
http://www.sun-sentinel.com/news/local/southflorida/sfl-pminerals14jul14,0,5746890.story?coll=sfla-home-headlines 

Louisiana company claims mineral rights to 1,000 
properties in Palm Beach County 
  
By Marc Freeman
South Florida Sun-Sentinel

July 14, 2006


Wellington -- Ed Muller thought the form letter with its seemingly outrageous claim looked like junk mail:

Could a Louisiana company really hold rights to dig up minerals beneath the house he has owned here for 10 years? And would he have to pay at least $1,000 to remove this sudden "cloud" over his Greenview Shores home's title?

"These guys came out of the woodwork," Muller, a commercial real estate broker, said of the mailing from Southern States Land & Timber LLC. "It's almost like an extortion attempt."

But a review of Palm Beach County court records verified the company's notice as authentic and far-reaching: There are mineral rights claims affecting 1,000 properties, covering thousands of acres in Wellington and other areas in the county.

On June 27, Southern States declared its interest in "oil, gas, and mineral rights and deposits" on these lands, as well as the legal authority to "test for, explore and conduct whatever extractive activities are necessary."

The company did not indicate when or whether that would take place. It only wants homeowners to be aware of the possibility that the company could show up to stake its claim.

"It's perhaps more intimidating or scary to the residents than it ought to be," said Harry J. Smith, executive vice president and general manager of the Franklin, La.-based business. He declined to reveal the company's plans, or whether it intends to extract minerals.

"We feel there are valuable rights and the value will change over time," he said. "We want to protect the asset, whatever it's worth."

Homeowners who want to avoid any chance of excavation may seek a company waiver, Smith said.

The price is about one-third of 1 percent of the property's value, or $440 for a one-acre or smaller lot, whatever amount is greater. For a $500,000 home, the cost is $1,500.

Residents may opt to wait and obtain the waivers at the time they decide to sell their properties, so there's a guaranteed clear title for real estate deals, Smith said.

The 104-year-old company long ago owned the land -- among 2-million acres of holdings in Florida -- but never relinquished mineral rights in some areas, he said. Southern States reaffirms its interests every 30 years, as required by Florida law.

Linda Culbertson, spokeswoman for the Palm Beach County Clerk of the Courts, said Southern States' notices were properly filed according to state statutes, Chapter 712, a section titled Marketable Record Titles To Real Property.

Homeowners wondering whether they are at risk for similar mineral rights claims can pay for a title search of their property. Such searches typically are required for real estate transactions.

Southern States last filed its mineral rights notices in 1976, and will again in 2036, Smith said, acknowledging that homeowners were caught off guard. Along with Palm Beach County, notices were sent to owners of 2,000 properties in Martin County.

Wellington resident Lew Blatte says the claim doesn't make any sense. He says his Sugar Pond home of 14 years is surely not on top of an untapped oil reserve or anything worthy of excavating.

"As far as I'm concerned there's nothing under anything out here except sand and water," said Blatte, publisher of Wellington The Magazine.

But other homeowners are scurrying to figure out their legal options, wondering whether drilling is imminent and whether they should pay for a waiver from the company.

Muller says his attorney discovered that Southern States granted a release of its mineral rights claim to his property in 1978, so it shouldn't be an issue for him today. He's seeking to have the notice removed from his property records, so it doesn't interfere with his ability to refinance his mortgage.

Smith says he expects challenges, noting that in some cases, "it could be our records are wrong."

Title searches conducted before real estate closings should reveal whether anyone has mineral or other rights to a property, said Larry E. Bray, a real estate attorney in Palm Springs. In most cases, a release of those interests is attached to the title and it doesn't become an issue.

Also, homeowners usually purchase title insurance to protect them against all future claims.

"I don't think most [owners] have a worry," Bray said.

If title companies failed to uncover Southern States' mineral rights, people may have purchased their homes without ever knowing about it, Smith said.

To Cathie Blatte, who along with her husband Lew plans to stay in their home, it sounds questionable.

"It's totally ridiculous to hold this over us," she said. "It's like, `Come up with some money or you'll have a hard time when you try to sell.'"

Marc Freeman can be reached at mjfreeman@sun-sentinel.com or 561-243-6642.


Copyright © 2006, South Florida Sun-Sentinel 
  


From:	danvon221@bellsouth.net
Sent:	Friday, July 14, 2006 1:38 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	simple solution to insurance

                
                             Simple Solution to Insurance




  Its called Shell Insurance.....
  
How It works is simple,you only insure the shell of the house ,buisness,with the basics
  that would be saving the people  millions.here how it works.

     roofs...only cover the wood ,Tar Paper,and shingles..labor to install..period..no barrels,no stacks or anything fancey get a independent to cover all extras...Now you can figure all by the foot and same price for all..
 windows....frame and glass with basic..no extras..these would all be hurricane protected..simple figures for all windows..period..no extras..a basic ...hurricane approved only

Doors, basic no extras including garage doors basic only 

concrete brick walls only no extras + masonary coating..no paint now they have a shell for the house ,condo,buisness,at one price that can be figured by the foot same price to all homeowners no extras...bringing insurance cost down to 50%of what is today.

well what about the inside elctectric,plumbing,a/c.sheetrock,and on and on..let that be private or have a basic price for all inside..getting the hint..on the way this works

 If you dont here the way to keep it simple take the lowest prices on whatever,lets say a plumbing fixture going to home depot or lowes look at the priced ranges from 25.00 dollars to over 500 dollars you should only insure the 25.00 not the 500...simple math and you know thats what people claim to have..okey lets say a/c unit...good example..go and price around starts at 2000 all the way to over 5,000..only give the 2000 because if you went the extras insure through a private insurance co..you can figure this simple method for all floridian fast easy and quick...

this is shell insurance .by contract only and anything extra you may go through a private,thankyou for your time...dan mayes any help..e-mail danvon221@bellsouth.net

From:	John J Meyer <johanjj@juno.com>
Sent:	Friday, July 14, 2006 1:00 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Florida laws are violating Civil Rights Laws.
Attachments:	Angered.jpg

Dear  Governor,

Every American has the right to have a hearing in a civil rights dispute.

I have been unable to receive a hearing by the Polk County School Board,
also unable to receive representation from local Senators or
Representatives. Polk County Commissioners and Florida attorneys are
declining to look into my civil rights dispute. Governor Jeb Bush claims
in writing that he is powerless to look into this matter.

Senator and Representative in the State of Florida have an obligation to
look into the misuse of the following Florida laws. The “Florida Home
Rule” and the "Employment at-will State”. They are being misused
interactively by the Polk County school politicians for their political
interest and not for the best interest of our students and our
educational system.  Ignoring this for political reasons is not
justifiable. The attached article by “The Ledger” our local newspaper is
also telling you that something is wrong. (See Attachment of a sign
placed at State Road # 27 in Lake Wales Fl.).

I have been official dismissed from teaching by Dr. Clinton Wright as a
part-time Electrical Instructor for not donating to a private fundraising
campaign. Conveniently called, dismissed for a difference of opinion,
using Florida’s "employment at-will" state. 

I have been unable to receive a hearing by the Polk County School Board
and no representation from local Senators or Representatives. Governor
Jeb Bush claims in writing that he is powerless to look into this matter.
Polk County  Commissioners and Florida attorneys are declining to look
into this matter.

The following is from desk of wendy.hosking@polk.fl.net, regarding
private fundraising campaigns. There is no prohibition against
participating in a private fund raising campaign; it should be noted that
participation must be voluntary. It cannot be made, either implicitly or
explicitly, a condition of employment, nor can participation or lack
thereof form the basis of any employment action or disparate treatment. 

When I came back from summer vacation I found all my study material
placed in boxes in the hallway. The hard drive had been take out of the
school computer with my prepared lessons to start the second semester.
This is a violation of 447,501 (1) (a) and (b) of Florida Status
(2004)’1, Pursuant to section 447,503(20). My civil rights have been
violated by the Polk County School Board for not following due process.  

I have not only been discriminated against but also harassed, humiliate
for all school employees and students to see. The fundraising campaign
did run through March 10. I continued to receive pledge forms in my
school mailbox including one illegally placed in my home mailbox. I kept
on teaching under those absurd circumstances for 6 month. It ended with a
dismissal for a difference of opinion in the middle of a semester. No one
should have to accept this type of abuse in a Florida Public School
System.  

From the desk of Glenda Hood, Florida’s Secretary of State; Florida is an
"employment at-will" state. An employer can terminate an employee for any
reason, at any time, without advance notification so long as there is no
violation of federal or state law. Polk County violated 447,501 (1) (a)
and (b) of Florida Status (2004)’1, Pursuant to section 447,503(20),
including school board regulation 60X53-8, 004 (C). School employee Debby
Davis has been assigned to do the administration. The private fund
raising campaign has been approved by the Polk County School Board for
political reason. The All-Arian fund raising has been approved by the
USF.

I donated my time to train minorities and women to pass a mechanics test.
On August 17, 2005, School Board Attorney Deming Cowles wrote to me that
the school “can dismiss you for you’ re [sic] ethnic background....’ no
explanation needed “. Calling names in place of solving a problem. 

For the sake of our students, our educational and our justice system
every Senator and Representative in the State of Florida has an
obligation to look into this matter. Ignoring this for political reasons
is not justifiable. 

I have been an excellent part-time electrical instructor at Brevard
Community College for many years and should be entitled to teach again in
the Polk County School system. 

Sincerely yours,

John J. Meyer
404 Whitman Rd. 
Winter Haven Fl. 33884




From:	John J Meyer <johanjj@juno.com>
Sent:	Friday, July 14, 2006 1:02 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Florida laws are violating Civil Rights Laws.
Attachments:	Angered.jpg

Dear Mr. Newman,

Every American has the right to have a hearing in a civil rights dispute.

I have been unable to receive a hearing by the Polk County School Board,
also unable to receive representation from local Senators or
Representatives. Polk County Commissioners and Florida attorneys are
declining to look into my civil rights dispute. Governor Jeb Bush claims
in writing that he is powerless to look into this matter.

Senator and Representative in the State of Florida have an obligation to
look into the misuse of the following Florida laws. The “Florida Home
Rule” and the "Employment at-will State”. They are being misused
interactively by the Polk County school politicians for their political
interest and not for the best interest of our students and our
educational system.  Ignoring this for political reasons is not
justifiable. The attached article by “The Ledger” our local newspaper is
also telling you that something is wrong. (See Attachment of a sign
placed at State Road # 27 in Lake Wales Fl.).

I have been official dismissed from teaching by Dr. Clinton Wright as a
part-time Electrical Instructor for not donating to a private fundraising
campaign. Conveniently called, dismissed for a difference of opinion,
using Florida’s "employment at-will" state. 

I have been unable to receive a hearing by the Polk County School Board
and no representation from local Senators or Representatives. Governor
Jeb Bush claims in writing that he is powerless to look into this matter.
Polk County  Commissioners and Florida attorneys are declining to look
into this matter.

The following is from desk of wendy.hosking@polk.fl.net, regarding
private fundraising campaigns. There is no prohibition against
participating in a private fund raising campaign; it should be noted that
participation must be voluntary. It cannot be made, either implicitly or
explicitly, a condition of employment, nor can participation or lack
thereof form the basis of any employment action or disparate treatment. 

When I came back from summer vacation I found all my study material
placed in boxes in the hallway. The hard drive had been take out of the
school computer with my prepared lessons to start the second semester.
This is a violation of 447,501 (1) (a) and (b) of Florida Status
(2004)’1, Pursuant to section 447,503(20). My civil rights have been
violated by the Polk County School Board for not following due process.  

I have not only been discriminated against but also harassed, humiliate
for all school employees and students to see. The fundraising campaign
did run through March 10. I continued to receive pledge forms in my
school mailbox including one illegally placed in my home mailbox. I kept
on teaching under those absurd circumstances for 6 month. It ended with a
dismissal for a difference of opinion in the middle of a semester. No one
should have to accept this type of abuse in a Florida Public School
System.  

From the desk of Glenda Hood, Florida’s Secretary of State; Florida is an
"employment at-will" state. An employer can terminate an employee for any
reason, at any time, without advance notification so long as there is no
violation of federal or state law. Polk County violated 447,501 (1) (a)
and (b) of Florida Status (2004)’1, Pursuant to section 447,503(20),
including school board regulation 60X53-8, 004 (C). School employee Debby
Davis has been assigned to do the administration. The private fund
raising campaign has been approved by the Polk County School Board for
political reason. The All-Arian fund raising has been approved by the
USF.

I donated my time to train minorities and women to pass a mechanics test.
On August 17, 2005, School Board Attorney Deming Cowles wrote to me that
the school “can dismiss you for you’ re [sic] ethnic background....’ no
explanation needed “. Calling names in place of solving a problem. 

For the sake of our students, our educational and our justice system
every Senator and Representative in the State of Florida has an
obligation to look into this matter. Ignoring this for political reasons
is not justifiable. 

I have been an excellent part-time electrical instructor at Brevard
Community College for many years and should be entitled to teach again in
the Polk County School system. 

Sincerely yours,

John J. Meyer
404 Whitman Rd. 
Winter Haven Fl. 33884




From:	Michael Smith <mismit45@hotmail.com>
Sent:	Friday, July 14, 2006 1:19 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Restoration of passenger rail service: Orlando, Fl - New Orleans, La

Michael Smith
3430 NE 17th Ave
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33334-5328


July 14, 2006

The Honorable Jeb Bush
Governor of Florida
The Capitol, 400 S. Monroe St.
Tallahassee, FL 32399-0001


 Governor Bush:

RE: Restoration of passenger rail service: Orlando, Fl - New Orleans, La

The storms of 2005, notably Hurricane Katrina, destroyed the rail tracks
along the U. S. Gulf Coast. Federal government emergency funds restored
tracks on the CSX line west of Jacksonville, Fl. However, the Amtrak
trains that utilized the pre-storm route have not been sheduled to run.

Many Gulf Coast communities including New Orleans have face nearly
overwhelming challenges just to survive. Now motorfuel prices are 
again on the increase. This is a request to increase transportation 
alternatives to these communities with a sustainable form of passenger
transport, especically for the economic well-being of North Florida.

Sincerely,


Michael Smith
954 484 9600

This message has been verified by CapwizXC as authentic and sent by this 
individual.  Authentication ID: [ZGO77Vk5]


From:	Karen Yawn <KYawn@ifsi.org>
Sent:	Friday, July 14, 2006 12:49 PM
To:	Sally Butzin; Suezan Turknett; Winky Jenkins-Rice; Hett, Barbara; Diana Paulson; Cannon, Paula - Ocala Springs Elementary School; Gabhart2u@aol.com
Subject:	Summer Reading

Read any good books lately?  As most of you may already know, Dr. Butzin has a book, Joyful Classrooms in an Age of Accountability: The Project CHILD Recipe for Success.  The book is sold by Phi Delta Kappa International.  Recently PDK sent us an email featuring Dr. Butzin’s book and we thought we would forward it to you.  If you already own the book then you know what a great read it is.  If not, then don’t pass up this opportunity to order it.

Joyful Classrooms is being featured on PDK’s website or just click on one of the links below and it will take you there.

Happy reading,

Karen Yawn

Administrative Assistant

Institute for School Innovation

1339 Mahan Drive

Tallahassee, FL 32308

850-671-3706

 

 

While PDK print and electronic periodicals are on summer hiatus, take time to check out a new book or two to help jumpstart the coming academic year. Below are two suggestions. They can be purchased in our online Bookstore at www.pdkintl.org or by contacting the Order Department by phone (800-766-1156 or 812-339-1156), fax (812-339-5556), or e-mail (orders@pdkintl.org). Use the online search feature to find more titles you need. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Share the Quest for Success: How to Work Effectively with Parents
Mary Ann Smialek
Provides strategies that all teachers need to use in order to ensure that their students get the best possible education and that their students' parents can help guide their children in the shared quest for success in school and in life. A thoughtful, practical guide --written by a parent and educator. Includes step-by-step directions to guarantee productive parent-teacher-student partnerships.
SQS    Paperback    91 pp.    $19.95 ($14.95 members)

 

 

 

 

 

Joyful Classrooms in an Age of Accountability: The Project CHILD Recipe for Success
Sarah M. Butzin
Challenges educators to chart a new course in elementary education and provides readers with an inside look at the innovative approach delivering results in classrooms across the nation. Project CHILD (Changing How Instruction for Learning is Delivered) students demonstrate higher test scores and have fewer discipline problems and lower absenteeism. Includes case studies and standardized testing data. Experience a new way of teaching and learning.
JC    Paperback    126 pp.    $23.95 ($21.95 members) 

 

If you need assistance, contact webmaster@pdkintl.org. 

Please share your preferred name or general comments with us at pdkmarketing@pdkintl.org. To ensure you receive emails from PDK, please add pdkintl.org to your favorites, address book, or safe list. 

 

 

Web Bug from http://pdklistsrv.pdkintl.org/db/408997/5379367/1.gif

From:	Susan Bahringer <ME3878@aol.com>
Sent:	Friday, July 14, 2006 12:49 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	A Jury Selection

Susan Bahringer
7091 W Sedalia Ct
Homosassa, FL 34446-3417


July 14, 2006

The Honorable Jeb Bush
Governor of Florida
The Capitol, 400 S. Monroe St.
Tallahassee, FL 32399-0001


Dear Governor Bush:

Residing in Florida since 2004 living through many disasters/tragic 
children deaths by predators; you, Mr. Bush, prove continually  an 
outstanding leader.  In January I was summoned for jury duty regarding a 
capital murder case without fanfare/news media.  Quietly without 
reservation entering the back doors of the courthouse. Fearing the summons 
revolved around a specific case...  Shocking a particular judge dismisses 
everyone succumbing to pressure?  

News media coverage being a powerful knowledge gathering tool is showing 
us right now no restraint on the lengths its goes for a story.  As an 
outstanding leader, Mr. Bush,  your key position holds the ability for 
discussing with a judge; a means for securing a jury in this case.  

By this my meaning is: Suggesting sending out new summons this week  
quietly and no fanfare.  Avoiding/supressing a media frenzy, etc. a jury 
can be selected quietly without fear - preparing them for sequestering 
before news media arrives with cameras etc.

Elsewhere capital murder cases have been heard, and we never saw actual  
jurors or inside courtrooms for that matter until trials were over. 
Procuring media silence until an actual trial begins still allows them 
full coverage at that time.   Asking for media cooperation and by 
complying allows this empending trial to take place.


Sincerely,


Susan Bahringer
352 621 0333


From:	thruhiker98@hotmail.com
Sent:	Friday, July 14, 2006 12:43 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	[*] Support Israel

Friday, July 14, 2006

Gordon C. Rollins
1320 Pelham Rd.
Winter Park FL, 

Governor John Bush
The Capitol
 400 South Monroe Street
Tallahassee FL, 32399-0001

RE: Support Israel

	I ask that you as my representative voice my support of our allegiance with Israel, especially as it pertains to the war on terror.

Sincerely, 
Gordon C. Rollins Jr.
From:	Qmp1@aol.com
Sent:	Friday, July 14, 2006 12:31 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	I have an ideal....

 I just want to say up front that I agree with you on off shore drilling. I don't think it should be allowed.
 
 That being said. If we have no choice because the federal government forces us to allowed off shore drilling, lets pass a bill that takes the drilling fees that our state will receive and put 10% into a cleanup fund for any further oil spills and 90% into the state citizens insurance. Keep adding it into the funds. Never use the cleanup fund except for any state oil spills. Keep 50 billion in the insurance fund. The remaining money over 50 billion give lower rates and rebates back to all the people who have citizens insurance. Some can also go to the state, counties, and cities to help with storm damage.
 
 Another note. If a company sell any other insurance in our state, they must sell hurricane and flood insurance also. 
 
 You may contact me if you wish more information about this email.
 
Thanks...

David Borden
 
From:	michaelsfl5@aol.com
Sent:	Friday, July 14, 2006 12:13 PM
To:	help@fmap.org
Cc:	Governor Jeb Bush; Latonya.Bryant@fldfs.com; action@consumer.org; activist@democrats.com; mike@michaelmoore.com; admin@consumerwatchdog.org
Subject:	Re: Florida Market Assistance Plan - Request Status

WHAT IS IT THAT YOU DON'T GET??????????????????  I CANNOT AFFORD $3000 A YEAR FOR HOMEOWNERS. ARE YOU TELLING THESE INSURANCE COMPANIES THIS INFORMATION?????????????  YOU ARE WASTING MY TIME!  AND FURTHER MOVING THE GUN CLOSER TO MY HEAD!!!!!!! SUSAN MASSACONI 
 
 
-----Original Message-----
From: help@fmap.org
To: michaelsfl5@aol.com
Sent: Fri, 14 Jul 2006 11:47 AM
Subject: Florida Market Assistance Plan - Request Status


The status of your request for assistance in finding property insurance coverage 
has changed from "Offer Made But Not Accepted" to "Offer Made but not Accepted". 
Definitions are found below.

Status Definitions:
Pending - Request submitted and awaiting match to agents that MAY be able to 
provide coverage.
Offer Made but not Accepted - Agent provided a quote via mail, email or phone 
call but the offer was not accepted.
Offer Accepted - Agent or insurance company offered coverage and it was 
accepted.
No Offer - Your request for assistance in finding property insurance has passed 
your need coverage by date and is no longer active.  Please resubmit your 
request or call the Florida Market Assistance Plan directly at (800)524-9023, 
Monday-Friday, 8:00 a.m. - 5:30 p.m. EST and you will be provided with a 
referral.
Withdrawn - your request for assistance to find coverage on your property is no 
longer active.

If you have questions or need immediate assistance on your request call the 
Florida Market Assistance Plan directly at (800)524-9023, Monday-Friday, 8:00 
a.m. - 5:30 p.m. EST and you will be provided with a referral.

  _____  

MailScanner has detected a possible fraud attempt from "pr.atwola.com" claiming to be Check out AOL.com today. Breaking news, video search, pictures, email and IM. All on demand. Always Free.

From:	BELIEVER411@aol.com
Sent:	Friday, July 14, 2006 11:54 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	corruption

Dear Governor, 
I've been reading a little about the recent uprising in so-called "Corruption" in politics. Down here in S.FLA. I guess they are more clever. City Commisioner Dean Trantalis made money in the 80's by facillitating cash real estate transactions between corrupt clients using his escrow accounts at intercoastal title. Current Property Appraiser investigator Ron Cacciatore has a rumored reputation of being so well off because he helped himself to all the cash at many drug busts. Funny, he's going to help my ex-husband when he get's out of prison in a few months. My ex never turned in the money he made. Caccatiore's wife is the only one who has maintained contact with my ex. Hmmm. She has a salon supposedly started with unnamed funds.....It's a scary world. Thanks for listening.
From:	dr.horsman <dr.horsman@worldnet.att.net>
Sent:	Friday, July 14, 2006 11:57 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush; news@worldnetdaily.com; editor@renewamerica.us; special@foxnews.com; speaker@mail.house.gov; senator@shelby.senate.gov; rush@eibnet.com; editor@weeklystandard.com; hannity@foxnews.com; Ailes, Roger; alerts@conservativealerts.com; FNS@foxnews.com; comments@sbgi.net; Feedback@foxnews.com; bill_frist@frist.senate.gov; newswatch@CBN.com
Subject:	 For the Most Rev'd Secretary of State

 
----- Original Message ----- 
From: dr.horsman 
To: office@net.va 
Sent: Friday, July 14, 2006 11:47 AM
Subject: For the Most Rev'd Secretary of State

How obtuse and obscene for the Vatican to condemn the victim of civilian attacks by terrorists.  A little sliver of sanctuary from the evils perpetrated upon the Jews by nominal Christians, often Catholics, has need to defend itself from 2o some militant Islamo fascist states that could easily absorb the so called Palestinians. In this current case, all but the invincibly ignorant must be aware that the Islamofascist states of Syria and Iran with their terrorist surrogates Hezbola and Hamas have announced plainly their intent to destroy the "Jewish state," and are simply executing their intentions. I am profoundly ashamed of this manifestation of blatant ignorance and/or anti-jewishness by the font of the Catholic Church. It seems that repentance for past participation in this evil was hollow and empty.
David Horsman, Ph.D.   
From:	Allan J Dadetto <ADadetto@hearst.com>
Sent:	Friday, July 14, 2006 11:47 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	RE: Insurance

I really feel this was a Hugh waste of Time on my be-half , I finally got
Insurance on my Commercial Business Building without Hurricane protection
and what does the State do ...NOTHING.....I now have very expensive Fire
Insurance on a concrete Building... Zurich International gave me no Notice
and when I met their guidelines they still re-fused to re-new...Who is
paying Who off that is my Question, when Businesses are leaving Florida in
Records on heard of , the Economy is next to suffer there is so much Real
Estate for sale in Pinellas County Florida that There is a mass exit out of
Florida and why all because no one in Tallahassee has done anything about
it...You can bet I will not be voting Republican in the next election...


                                                                                                                           
                      "Governor Jeb                                                                                        
                      Bush"                    To:       "Allan J Dadetto" <ADadetto@hearst.com>                           
                      <Jeb.Bush@MyFlori        cc:                                                                         
                      da.com>                  Subject:  RE: Insurance                                                     
                                                                                                                           
                      06/05/2006 09:04                                                                                     
                      AM                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                           




Dear Mr. Dadetto,

Thank you for writing to Governor Jeb Bush with your concerns.  The
Governor received your e-mail and asked me to respond on his behalf.  As
you may know, insurance company regulatory matters are under the
administrative authority of the Department of Financial Services. You may
contact the Department of Financial Services' consumer hot line at the
numbers listed below.

             Department of Financial Services
             PL-11, The Capitol
             Tallahassee, Florida 32399-0300
      1-800-342-2762 (toll-free for in-state callers)
             (850) 413-3132 (for out-of-state callers)
             cfo@dfs.state.fl.us

If you conclude that your situation requires changes in the law, you might
consider contacting your local legislative delegation.  Your state
representative and senator have the authority to sponsor legislation.  I
can assure you that any legislation reaching Governor Bush's desk that
involves insurance matters receives his close attention.

Again, thank you for writing.  I hope this information is helpful.


Sincerely,

L. Wright
Aide to the Governor
Office of Citizens' Services

-----Original Message-----
From: Allan J Dadetto [mailto:ADadetto@hearst.com]
Sent: Thursday, June 01, 2006 3:16 PM
To: Governor Jeb Bush
Subject: Insurance


Both my Insurance Companies for my  NATIONWIDE  has my life in shambles,
Recently after arguing the fact that I live in Pinellas county Florida in
Clearwater 40 ft above sea Level/ solid concrete Building / over 1000 feet
from any water/ But I am being threatened by them and was told they would
allow me insurance for one more year. I have never filed a claim and the
neighborhood I live in , will be 100 years old in 2013 and has never
suffered any hurricane damage even in the no name storm. Recently Zurich
International has canceled my business Insurance for again no reason on a
concrete Building/ with electric storm shutters and not in any flood zone.
I am fed up with the whole thing it has effected my life that I have to do
something. This has got to stop, we all are being victimized by the
Insurance companys..They need to be sued by the state in the citizens
behalf...Do Something.







============================================================
This e-mail message is intended for the personal use of the recipient(s)
named above. If you are not an intended recipient, you may not review, copy
or distribute this message.

If you have received this communication in error, please notify the Hearst
Information Services HelpDesk (helpdesk@hearst.com) immediately by e-mail
and delete the original message.

============================================================







============================================================
This e-mail message is intended for the personal use of the recipient(s) named above. If you are not an intended recipient, you may not review, copy or distribute this message.

If you have received this communication in error, please notify the Hearst Information Services HelpDesk (helpdesk@hearst.com) immediately by e-mail and delete the original message.

============================================================
From:	LJMoller@aol.com
Sent:	Friday, July 14, 2006 11:54 AM
To:	Mark.Glisson@dep.state.fl.us; eva.armstrong@dep.state.fl.us; Castille, Colleen; Governor Jeb Bush; Wildfed@aol.com; lane.asaf@comcast.net; BARJNPWLL@aol.com; CaptFrankAdams@aol.com
Cc:	struting57@hughes.net
Subject:	The 104-year-old company long ago owned the land -- among 2-million acres

Mark
If this company did own 2-million acres and the mineral rights do they still own these rights under FL Conservation lands and BOT sovereign lands?  If so what can be done to protect these properties?
 
Jack



http://www.sun-sentinel.com/	  			
 	 	 	 	 	 	
 	
http://www.sun-sentinel.com/news/local/southflorida/sfl-pminerals14jul14,0,5746890.story?coll=sfla-home-headlines 

Louisiana company claims mineral rights to 1,000 
properties in Palm Beach County 
  
By Marc Freeman
South Florida Sun-Sentinel

July 14, 2006


Wellington -- Ed Muller thought the form letter with its seemingly outrageous claim looked like junk mail:

Could a Louisiana company really hold rights to dig up minerals beneath the house he has owned here for 10 years? And would he have to pay at least $1,000 to remove this sudden "cloud" over his Greenview Shores home's title?

"These guys came out of the woodwork," Muller, a commercial real estate broker, said of the mailing from Southern States Land & Timber LLC. "It's almost like an extortion attempt."

But a review of Palm Beach County court records verified the company's notice as authentic and far-reaching: There are mineral rights claims affecting 1,000 properties, covering thousands of acres in Wellington and other areas in the county.

On June 27, Southern States declared its interest in "oil, gas, and mineral rights and deposits" on these lands, as well as the legal authority to "test for, explore and conduct whatever extractive activities are necessary."

The company did not indicate when or whether that would take place. It only wants homeowners to be aware of the possibility that the company could show up to stake its claim.

"It's perhaps more intimidating or scary to the residents than it ought to be," said Harry J. Smith, executive vice president and general manager of the Franklin, La.-based business. He declined to reveal the company's plans, or whether it intends to extract minerals.

"We feel there are valuable rights and the value will change over time," he said. "We want to protect the asset, whatever it's worth."

Homeowners who want to avoid any chance of excavation may seek a company waiver, Smith said.

The price is about one-third of 1 percent of the property's value, or $440 for a one-acre or smaller lot, whatever amount is greater. For a $500,000 home, the cost is $1,500.

Residents may opt to wait and obtain the waivers at the time they decide to sell their properties, so there's a guaranteed clear title for real estate deals, Smith said.

The 104-year-old company long ago owned the land -- among 2-million acres of holdings in Florida -- but never relinquished mineral rights in some areas, he said. Southern States reaffirms its interests every 30 years, as required by Florida law.

Linda Culbertson, spokeswoman for the Palm Beach County Clerk of the Courts, said Southern States' notices were properly filed according to state statutes, Chapter 712, a section titled Marketable Record Titles To Real Property.

Homeowners wondering whether they are at risk for similar mineral rights claims can pay for a title search of their property. Such searches typically are required for real estate transactions.

Southern States last filed its mineral rights notices in 1976, and will again in 2036, Smith said, acknowledging that homeowners were caught off guard. Along with Palm Beach County, notices were sent to owners of 2,000 properties in Martin County.

Wellington resident Lew Blatte says the claim doesn't make any sense. He says his Sugar Pond home of 14 years is surely not on top of an untapped oil reserve or anything worthy of excavating.

"As far as I'm concerned there's nothing under anything out here except sand and water," said Blatte, publisher of Wellington The Magazine.

But other homeowners are scurrying to figure out their legal options, wondering whether drilling is imminent and whether they should pay for a waiver from the company.

Muller says his attorney discovered that Southern States granted a release of its mineral rights claim to his property in 1978, so it shouldn't be an issue for him today. He's seeking to have the notice removed from his property records, so it doesn't interfere with his ability to refinance his mortgage.

Smith says he expects challenges, noting that in some cases, "it could be our records are wrong."

Title searches conducted before real estate closings should reveal whether anyone has mineral or other rights to a property, said Larry E. Bray, a real estate attorney in Palm Springs. In most cases, a release of those interests is attached to the title and it doesn't become an issue.

Also, homeowners usually purchase title insurance to protect them against all future claims.

"I don't think most [owners] have a worry," Bray said.

If title companies failed to uncover Southern States' mineral rights, people may have purchased their homes without ever knowing about it, Smith said.

To Cathie Blatte, who along with her husband Lew plans to stay in their home, it sounds questionable.

"It's totally ridiculous to hold this over us," she said. "It's like, `Come up with some money or you'll have a hard time when you try to sell.'"

Marc Freeman can be reached at mjfreeman@sun-sentinel.com or 561-243-6642.


Copyright © 2006, South Florida Sun-Sentinel 
  


From:	Sid Kleiner <skleiner@comcast.net>
Sent:	Friday, July 14, 2006 11:41 AM
To:	WALT MURPHREE, FDOCIG; LAURA FDOC BEDARD; McDonough, Jim
Cc:	Governor Jeb Bush; FLORIDA DEPT. LAW ENFORCEMENT
Subject:	[*] Corruption, intimidation, retaliation, etc. within the FDOC. Inmates are now too afraid to allow us to advocate for them! No good!
Attachments:	DOCPROBLEMS, 7-06-1.jpg; FILE 0014-2 (7-06).jpg

  

 Sid Kleiner, President 

Beth Tikvah Jewish Prisoner Outreach
Serving Florida’s Jewish Inmates & Their Loved Ones
10188 Winterview Drive
Naples, FL  34109-1520

Phone:  239-591-2649, FAX: 239-566-7702-E-mail: bethtikvah@comcast.net


Please Visit Our Website: bethtikvahjpo.org


An IRS-Approved, Not-For-Profit Corporation 

July 14th, 2006
 
Dear Friends,
 
The attached letter is not the kind of letter I care to share with anyone. 
 
Please read the words of a Jewish inmate. My friends, these men are living in a state of constant fear and anxiety. They have had to go silent because to share what has and is happening could mean beatings, possibly even death!
 
How long will these officers be allowed to allegedly violate hate-crime laws and use fear of retaliation as a means of protecting themselves from termination and prosecution? I am not being conned or taken advantage of. There are too many similar reports to attribute this to a con job.  Logically, why would inmates refuse further contact and assistance? The answer would appear to be that they have been so effectively intimidated that they are forced to remain silent.
 
Surely, these ongoing incidents are hardly in accord with the laudable objectives of the new FDOC administration.
 
Please tell me what is being done to rein in the staff terrorists that have turned serving a sentence into an endless nightmare for Jewish prisoners. This is very serious business!
 
Thanks for your instant assistance,
Sid Kleiner
SKLEINER@COMCAST.NET
239-591-2649  
 
From:	RUTH ACOSTA <tahina69de@yahoo.de>
Sent:	Friday, July 14, 2006 11:25 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	BIBLE EXPLANATION PROFILES

MR GOVERNOR HAHAHAHA OK YO ESTOY SECUESTRADA COMO BETANCOURT  LAS PALIZAS Y TORTURAS SOBRE MI CUERPO SON ORDENADAS POR EL TESTIMONIO FALSO O PERJURIO ESE ES EL PERFIL DE WELCH LA DONNA  EL PERFIL DEL DRAGON VERDE SERPIENTE ANTIGUA DIABLO O SATANAS ES LEONEL RD PRESIDENT PROFILE APOLLION DESTRUCTION Y EL PERFIL DE GATES PORQUE ES DE ORIGEN JUDIO ES EL FALSO PROFETA   AHORA VIENE EL AMARRE DEL DRAGON ROJO QUE ES EL SIMBOLO DE LA CORONA INGLESA TAMBIEN EL AGENTE SS SPECIAL NUMBER ONE TIENE EL PERFIL DEL DRAGON ROJO  NUM ONE SCOTLAND YARD DR BALAGUER WAS THE NUMBER ONE SS AGENT SY  EL SIGUIENTE PASO ES EL ARMAGEDDON   EL ELEMENTO WITTON POLACODE ORIGEN ESTABA PROGRAMADO PARA DESTRUIR AL ANGEL DE JAHVE O VIRGEN MARIA JUBILEE YEAR 2000 que corresponde a la virgen de fatima y es la misma muchacha  de DIOS QUE SE TRANSFORMA LA VIRGEN MARIA SE TRANSFORMA EN ARCANGEL EN CARMEN V DEL CARMEN  LOURDES MERCEDES MAGDALENA ALTAGRACIA VIRGEN COROMOTO  A VECES EN DIVINA NINA COLOR DE CARAMELOS  LA ROPA DEL ROCIO ES LA STESSA DIRIA BENNEDETTO EL SPONSOR NUM UNO PARA MI PRESIDENCIA ES  SU SS  EL SERVICIO SECRETO DEL VAT  69   chart inerpol france autos   ellos todos se comunicaron previamente pero tu y yo tenemos que afrontar la crisis  CON EL PODER DEL ESPIRITU SANTO  EL DOLOR ES AGUDO PUNZANTE HIRIENTE QUEMANTE ME SE RECUPERAR PORQUE AL SER ENTE DE MARS PLANET SOY INMORTAL YA LA NASA TIENE CONOCIMIENTO DE ESO Y SOMOS PACIFISTAS LOS AVIONES CAIDOS EL DERRUMBE DE LAS TORRES FUERON HIJACKERS  KAMIKASES PAGADOS PARA HACER CREER QUE FUERON LOS MARCIANOS TODO PAGADO POR LOS PAISES QUE OBEDECEN AL EJE DE LA MALDAD LA SENORA PRIMERA DAMA ENTRO A MI CASA DE NUEVO Y SE SE ESTA ROBANDO MIS PERTENENCUIAS SINO FUE ELLA ENVIA AGENTES IRA AL QAIDA O ETAS A ROBARME LA CASA GENERALMENTE MAQUILLAJE ROPA INTERIOR BIJOUX CARTERAS O PELUQUINES PARA CAMUFLAGEARSE  ES QUE HERBERT TU PADRE ESTA LIGADO A HEDWIG WITTON ULIS MOTHER A HILLARY LA LETRA GRIEGA H ETA LOS DELATA YO NO SOY ETA PORQUE LA H NO EXISTE EN EL LUGAR DE MI NACIMIENTO YO NACI EN SAN JUA EN CASTELLANO LA VERDADERAS AGENTES ETA CONTRA MI SON HILLARY CLINTON SECTA SIS SIX SIX   SATANICA  MARGARITA CEDENO QUE NACIO EN HIGUEY STO DGO LA MERKEL NACIO EN HAMBURGO LA NENA MIA MERCEDES NACIO EN HALBESTADT Y ESTA PASANDO INFORMES FALSOS A LAURA BUSH  FALSO TESTIMONIO POR ORDENES DEL NOVIO DE ALQUILER EL ES COMPANA SCORT ESCOLTA DE PASAR RATOS PAGADOS POR EL PRESIDENTE   ES TODO TODO VA DE MAL EN PEOR LA VIOLENCIA EN MI CASA ES EXAGERADA  EL DIABLO DIVIDE LAS FAMILIAS ELLA METE CIZANA ENVIDIAS CELOS CONTIENDAD ODIO GRATUITO YO NO ME LE ACERCO Y LA ROPA QUE YO USO SON COLORES DE LA NATURALEZA SI USO MORADO ES POR EL COLOR ESCUELA HUMANISTICA UASD AUTONOMA UNIVERSITY WHITE DR MEDICE ROSE SCOTLAND YARD ART DECO  YARDLEY VERDE YARDLEY COLOR DE CARMEN CANTANTE USO JABON MAJA DE ESPANA QUE LLEVAN ROJO Y NEGRO OK GRACIAS



  _____  

Besseren Schutz gegen Spam - jetzt bei dem neuen Yahoo! Mail .
From:	kimnugentp@aim.com
Sent:	Friday, July 14, 2006 10:30 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Please help in Charlotte County!!!

 Dear Governor Bush,
 
I was born and raised in Florida.  I have lived in Charlotte County for about 14 years.  Since Hurricane Charlie things have run amock here.  Not only did Charlie destroy us but now our own county government is destroying us.  After Charlie our insurance sky-rocketed, our property rates tripled, and our FPL (due to fuel prices) has doubled.  Now the good higher ups in Charlotte County have raised impact fees from $9,000 to $19,000.  Charlotte county now is going to have a meeting or continuation of meeting, original meeting got too heated and had to reschedule, on July 20th, at 5:00, in the Tentatorium, in order to raise the property taxes to a rediculous amount.  How is a average, hard-working family of four supposed to live these days?
 
Now that the building and property boom have slowed why is Charlotte County being so greedy?  Don't you ever get tired of all the greed and lies?  I know you have heard numerous complaints about the high cost of living but I'm sure you have to agree something has got to give, hopefully not the human spirit.
 
Thank You For Your Time,
Kimberly Nugent in Port Charlotte, Florida
  _____  

Check Out the new free AIM(R) Mail -- 2 GB of storage and industry-leading spam and email virus protection.

From:	indianpeterack@aol.com
Sent:	Friday, July 14, 2006 10:21 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Senate denies funds for new border fence

Senate denies funds for new border fence

Complete article at: 
http://www.washtimes.com/national/20060714-120633-1188r.htm

Less than two months after voting overwhelmingly to build 370 miles of new fencing along the border with Mexico, the Senate yesterday voted against providing funds to build it.  "We do a lot of talking. We do a lot of legislating," said Sen. Jeff Sessions, the Alabama Republican whose amendment to fund the fence was killed on a 71-29 vote. "The things we do often sound very good, but we never quite get there." 

    Mr. Sessions offered his amendment to authorize $1.8 billion to pay for the fencing that the Senate voted 83-16 to build along high-traffic areas of the border with Mexico. In the same vote on May 17, the Senate also directed 500 miles of vehicle barriers to be built along the border. 

    "If we never appropriate the money needed to construct these miles of fencing and vehicle barriers, those miles of fencing and vehicle barriers will never actually be constructed," Mr. Sessions told his colleagues yesterday before the vote. 

Pls pass along.




From:	timfranklin <tlfinc2005@alltel.net>
Sent:	Friday, July 14, 2006 10:10 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	RE: PROBLEMS

 

 

  _____  

From: timfranklin [mailto:tlfinc2005@alltel.net] 
Sent: Thursday, July 13, 2006 12:47 PM
To: 'jeb.bush@myflorida.com'
Subject: PROBLEMS 

 

I RECENTLY WENT ONLINE TO PURCHASE DIET PILLS AND CAME ACROSS A PHARMACY IN FLA THAT SAID THEY WOULD HELP ME OUT THEY DID THE QUESTIONAIR AND GOT MY CREDIT CARD # FOR THE MONEY AND THEN TOLD ME THAT THEY COULD NOT FILL MY ORDER NO PROBLEM I HAVE SENT THEM 16 E-MAILS AND ASK FOR A REFUND BUT HAVE NOT EVEN BEEN ABLE TO GET THEM TO RESPOND BACK I AM  SITTING HERE OUT $102.95 AND HAVE NOT RECEIVED ANY FEED BACK OR ANY PRODUCT AND CAN NOT GET A RESPONSE OR GET A REFUND THE NAME OF THE COMPANY IS DIRECT PHARMACY INC 1033 STATE ROAD 436 SUITE 201 CASTLEBERRY,FLA 32707 PLEASE HELP ME OUT WITH THIS PROBLEM MY E-MAIL ADRESS IS TLFINC2001@YAHOO.COM AND MY NAME IS TIM FRANKLIN I LIVE IN GA THANK YOU 

From:	Sandra Gillespie <GillespieS@stephenslynn.com>
Sent:	Friday, July 14, 2006 9:48 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	House Bill 391

As a homeowner and member of an HOA, I want to thank you for your veto of this bill.

Last summer, the board members of my HOA refused to obtain 100% insurance coverage for our units per our documents.  I was able to file a petition for mediation and attend mediation without an attorney and successfully changed the board's policy.  Without this leverage, I am sure the board would ignore their responsibility in the future and again refuse to obtain proper coverage. 

Thank you again.

Sandra Gillespie
Paralegal 
Stephens Lynn Klein LaCava Hoffman & Puya, P.A.
515 North Flagler Drive, Suite 1600
West Palm Beach, Florida 33401
Tel: (561) 655-1500
Fax: (561) 659-2093
Wats:(800)329-1501

For more information about Stephens, Lynn, Klein, LaCava, Hoffman & Puya, P.A. please visit the firm's web page at:  http://www.StephensLynn.com.

This e-mail is covered by the Electronic Communications Privacy Act, 18 U.S.C Section 2510-2521 and is legally privileged. Unauthorized review, use, disclosure or distribution is strictly prohibited. The information contained in this e-mail message is intended only for the personal and confidential use of the recipient(s) named above. This message may be an attorney-client communication and as such is privileged and confidential. If you are not the intended recipient, please contact the sender by reply e-mail, and destroy all copies of the original message. 



From:	Walt Cook <Walt_Cook@dcf.state.fl.us>
Sent:	Friday, July 14, 2006 9:48 AM
To:	Tina Shreve
Cc:	Governor Jeb Bush; zachow@dcf.state.fl.us
Subject:	Re: Your Email to Governor Bush





There must be some confusion I have never spoken with you.   I am told that
you spoke with J.O. Zachow my Client Relations Manager earlier in the week.
He is on leave today and will call you on Monday.


Walter R. Cook
District  Administrator - Team "1"
Escambia, Santa Rosa , Okaloosa, Walton Counties
160 Government Center, Suite 611
Pensacola, Florida 32502-5734
(850) 595-8211, SC 695-8211
Cell (850) 449-1205
email: Walt_Cook@dcf.state.fl.us

Our Mission "PROTECT THE VULNERABLE - PROMOTE STRONG FAMILIES - ADVANCE
RECOVERY AND RESILIENCY"

"CONFIDENTIALITY NOTICE:  This message and any attachments are for the sole
use of the intended recipient(s) and may contain confidential and
privileged information that is exempt from public disclosure.  Any
unauthorized review, use, disclosure, or distribution is prohibited.  If
you have received this message in error please contact the sender (by)
phone or reply by electronic mail) and then destroy all copies of the
original message."




                                                                           
             Tina Shreve                                                   
             <b_ballmom43@yaho                                             
             o.com>                                                     To 
                                       Walt Cook/D01/DCF@DCF               
             07/14/2006 06:30                                           cc 
             AM                        jeb.bush@myflorida.com              
                                                                   Subject 
                                       Re: Your Email to Governor Bush     
                                                                           
                                                                           
                                                                           
                                                                           
                                                                           
                                                                           




Mr. Cook,

I talked to you on Wednesday, July 12, and you said that you would call
back, I haven't heard anything from you.  I want a hearing!!  There is
another problem, in the retail business you don't always make the same
amount of money because the hours you work change every week.  Next week,
I'm only scheduled for 32 hours which means I'm going to get a small
paycheck then I ever have had so far.  So how do I pay my electric bill and
buy food with that paycheck?????

Tina Shreve

Walt Cook <Walt_Cook@dcf.state.fl.us> wrote:




 Dear Ms. Shreve:

 Thank you for your recent correspondence to Governor Bush regarding your
 applications for assistance. The Governor asked that I respond to you on
 his behalf.

 According to case notes, your children were approved for Medically Needy
 coverage with a share of cost, effective June 1, 2006. Notes also reflect
 that you were denied Medicaid coverage for yourself and Food Stamps
 because
 you failed to comply with up-front registration with Child Support
 Enforcement. Although you verified you were receiving child support,
 program policy requires that you go to the Child Support Enforcement
 Office
 and complete necessary paperwork.

 I suggest that you reapply for benefits and complete the necessary
 paperwork for Child Support Enforcement.

 If you have questions, please contact our Client Relations Office at
 850-595-8107.

 Sincerely,

 Walter R. Cook
 District Administrator - Team "1"
 Escambia, Santa Rosa , Okaloosa, Walton Counties
 160 Government Center, Suite 611
 Pensacola, Florida 32502-5734
 (850) 595-8211

 Our Mission: "PROTECT THE VULNERABLE - PROMOTE STRONG FAMILIES - ADVANCE
 RECOVERY AND RESILIENCY"


 CONFIDENTIALITY NOTICE: This message and any attachments are for the sole
 use of the intended recipient(s) and may contain confidential and
 privileged information that is exempt from public disclosure. Any
 unauthorized review, use, disclosure, or distribution is prohibited. If
 you have received this message in error please contact the sender (by
 phone
 or reply electronic mail) and then destroy all copies of the original
 message.




 Sneak preview the all-new Yahoo.com. It's not radically different. Just
radically better.



From:	Judy Roher <JudyR@jfhc.us>
Sent:	Friday, July 14, 2006 9:39 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	ENVIRONMENT

Dear Governor Bush,

 

PLEASE convey your constituent’s concern regarding global warming…unfortunately Pres. Bush has misplaced his priorities,  we won’t have any need for a war on terror if we don’t SAVE THE PLANET!!!!! 

From:	DMS22@aol.com
Sent:	Friday, July 14, 2006 9:32 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	[*] Schaivo...........

WHY are you getting into the Schiavo nurse debate?  Don't you have more important things to do??????????????????
From:	June Maxam <jmaxam1@nycap.rr.com>
Sent:	Friday, July 14, 2006 8:27 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Does Florida Have Double Standards?

http://www.northcountrygazette.org/articles/071306DoubleStandards.html
Double Standards

By June Maxam 	

The St. Petersburg Times, long an advocate for Michael Schiavo, has gone on the attack against one of his accusers, registered nurse Carla Sauer Iyer, a former caregiver of Terri Schindler Schiavo.

Florida's Department of Health says Iyer broke confidentiality rules for discussing the Schiavo case and the medical condition of the disabled woman on national television and is.

In their "balanced" article, Times reporter Lorri Helfand neglected to mention that Michael Schiavo himself is the subject of a complaint before the state's Board of Nursing for filing false statements with the court, submitting a guardianship application containing falsified academic credentials.
http://www.northcountrygazette.org/articles/062506SchiavoNurse.html
http://www.northcountrygazette.org/articles/031606NoProbableCause.html 
http://www.northcountrygazette.org/articles/042006BushRevisit.html

In fact, The Times failed to mention that Schiavo himself is a registered nurse and subject to the same rules and regulations as Iyer. The Times, apparently trying to portray Schiavo in the best light possible while attempting to discredit Iyer, also forgot to mention that Schiavo flunked his nursing exam on the first try.

In a classic case of the pot calling the kettle black, saying something about someone else that is actually true of yourself, Michael Schiavo is quoted as saying that Iyer "violated her oath" and "is getting what she deserves".

Schiavo and his attorney, right to die advocate George Felos who was paid with monies from Terri's trust fund that were earmarked by a malpractice jury and judge and for her rehabilitation and therapy, had claimed that they were defending Terri's right to privacy. In an interview on the Larry King show in October 2003, Felos claimed that Michael had tried to protect Terri's right to privacy.

Terri had sustained brain damage during a still unexplained incident on Feb. 25, 1990, when her brain was deprived of oxygen for four to six minutes. After her husband unsuccessfully tried to kill her by sepsis by withholding medical treatment, illegal in Florida, he then sought to end her life by obtaining a court order to withhold her food and water and on March 31, 2005, Terri died of marked dehydration 13 days after her feeding tube was removed, ending nearly 12 years of court battles between Schiavo and Terri's parents, Bob and Mary Schindler who fought to keep her alive.

"I have fought so long to keep her out of the public eye", Schiavo said, yet his actions did just the opposite and he is now exploiting her name to advance his and Derek Newton's political interests, retaliating against those who voted against killing Terri. Michael Schiavo has decimated Terri's right to privacy in his book by revealing embarrassing and intimate details about Terri's medical condition. Schiavo is the one who made Terri's name and her plight recognizable worldwide by taking the matter into the court, seeking a court order to end her life. He has pandered for money for the political action committee which exploits Terri's name for his politicial vindictiveness and has used Terri for financial gain in speaking appearances, selling the movie rights to his book and the book itself.

The St. Petersburg Times is owned by the Poynter Institute of which bioethicist Arthur Caplan is a member of the board of trustees. Caplan, one of the most outspoken advocates for Terri's death, appeared at his home University of Pennsylvania in May at a bioethics symposium with Schiavo, death Judge George Greer, hospice CEO Mary Labyak, the late Ronald Cranford and others who were joined in the long effort to end the disabled woman's life.
http://www.northcountrygazette.org/articles/021606MediaBias.html
http://www.northcountrygazette.org/articles/051206SchiavoInsult.html
http://www.northcountrygazette.org/articles/050306OverTheLine.html

The Times quoted DOH spokesman Doc Kokol as saying that "divulging confidential patient information violates state code and federal law". 

The Times article said that "While federal privacy regulations allow the release of patient information in some judicial proceedings, that doesn't open the door to discussing it on TV or elsewhere", attributing to George Annas, chairman of the department of health law, bioethics and human rights at Boston University School of Public Health.

And that includes Michael Schiavo.

Annas hosted a symposium at Boston University on the first anniversary of Terri's death at which death judge George Greer appeared with Cranford. Greer was given another superficial award called the Pike Prize.
http://www.northcountrygazette.org/articles/050306OverTheLine.html

What Annas is in essence saying, if Carla Iyer violated federal privacy regulations, so did Michael Schiavo, egregiously and in violation of his "oath". If Florida's DOH is preparing to revoke Iyer's nursing license for divulging confidential patient information by giving a television interview 10 years after she was a caregiver for Terri, then Michael Schiavo's must also be revoked for divulging confidential information about his "patient" Terri whom he and others have publicly acknowledged was under his direct supervision and care. Such violation of Terri's privacy by her husband and guardian would be in addition to his falsification of the academic credentials and submission of a false guardianship application to the court.

Iyer had been employed as the charge nurse from April of 1995 to Aug. 11, 1996 at Palm Gardens while Terri Schiavo was a resident there and in August, 2003, gave a sworn affidavit to the attorney representing Terri's parents, Mary and Robert Schindler Sr., in their challenge to the guardianship of Michael Schiavo and his petition to remove his wife's feeding tube in order to cause her death.
http://www.terrisfight.org/userfiles/File/Affidavit%20C%20Iyer%20082903.pdf

Iyer said in her affidavit that Schiavo was fixated on when his wife was going to die, allegedly asking "When is that bitch gonna die?", "Has she died yet?" and "When is she going to die?"

She later, at the request of legal counsel for Gov. Jeb Bush gave a sworn affidavit in December, 2003 for submission with the Governor's response the legal challenge of Terri's Law which was signed into law in October, 2003 by Gov. Bush resulting in the reinsertion of the feeding tube after Judge George Greer had ordered it removed. Ultimately, Terri's Law was ruled unconstitutional. 
AFFIDAVIT

She says that when she agreed to aid in the Governor's defense of Schiavo's lawsuit against him challenging the constitutionality of Terri's Law, she didn't expect retaliation by a state agency against her that would result in the revocation of her nursing license and single her out for speaking out against Michael Schiavo, a violation of her First Amendment rights and for discussing what was already a matter of public record.

On March, 21, 2005, and in the days following the removal of Terri's feeding tube on March 18 until her death of March 31, Iyer and many others, including nurse Michael Schiavo, were interviewed on television about their roles in the Schiavo case.

Although Iyer was simply relating what was already a matter of court record and a topic in many living rooms worldwide, a woman from Sutton, Massachusetts, herself a registered nurse, took exception to Iyer being interviewed on CNN, complaining to DOH's Division of Medical Quality Assurance on March 22, 2005, the day after Iyer's interview initially aired, saying that Iyer had made "inflammatory remarks" regarding Michael Schiavo.

"On March 22, 2005, I watched and heard Carla Sauer-Iyer interviewed on CNN television", Eileen Sullivan's complaint says. "The interview was repeated several times during the day on March 22nd. Ms. Sauer-Iyer was commenting on her relationship with Theresa Schiavo, a patient at Woodside Hospice, as her LPN at the time of their relationship of patient nurse. Ms. Sauer-Iyer made inflammatory comments regarding Mrs. Schiavo's husband, Michael (e.g., "when is that b-i-t-c-h (spelled out by Ms. Sauer-Iyer) going to die?" Ms. Sauer Iyer also made unsubstantiated comments regarding her patient's medical condition commenting that with "just a little bit of therapy", Mrs. Schiavo could be rehabilitated. I suggest the Florida Board of Registration view the complete interview that Ms. Sauer-Iyer gave to CNN".

Sullivan maintains that Iyer's comments violated the Nurse Practice Act, the same code which Michael Schiavo is subject to as a nurse.
The 2005 Florida Statutes - Title XXXII - Chapter 464 - Nursing

Schiavo, self-acknowledged principal caregiver of Terri Schindler Schiavo, discussed intimate and private details of his wife's medical condition on the Larry King Show on Oct. 27, 2003, and other shows, totally decimating any claim that he was protecting her right to privacy.
AUDIO TAPE OF LARRY KING SHOW Oct. 27, 2003 (requires Real Player)
TRANSCRIPT OF THE LARRY KING SHOW Oct. 27, 2003

KING: We're back with Michael Schiavo. With him is his attorney, George Felos. What is the current medical state of Terri? 

SCHIAVO: Terri is in a chronic, persistent vegetative state.

KING: Meaning she has...

SCHIAVO: She has no awareness, no consciousness. She's in a contracted state. Her hands, her arms, her legs are contracted. 

Later in the interview:

SCHIAVO: Yes. Terri's had perfect care. She just had her teeth cleaned three months ago.(Editor's Note: After years of neglect) And to touch on the gynecological, the gynecologists that took care of her told me -- and I'm only following what doctors tell me to do -- because it's so hard -- and I'm sorry to be so explicit -- to open her legs. She doesn't open them like you and I would at a gynecological examine. 

KING: You to pry them apart? 

SCHIAVO: Yes. 

KING: So it's hard to do a gynecological exam? 

SCHIAVO: Right. Right. So unless there's blood, or if there's foul smelling -- I'm sorry to be so explicit, but that's what it's all about.

In the section on the complaint which asked what would satisfy her complaint, Sullivan said that "Ms. Sauer-Iyer should be disciplined for her breach of faith with Theresa Schiavo and with her profession as a registered nurse. I was embarrassed that she would violate her oath on national television".

Michael Schiavo not only violated his oath as a nurse on national television, he grossly and intentionally for his own purposes and those of his attorney violated Terri Schindler Schiavo's right to privacy and continues to do so.

That was not only unjust and unconstitutional but a violation of the Nurse Practice Act.

That begs the question: when is the Board of Nursing going to revoke Michael Schiavo's nursing license? 7-13-06 

All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed by anyone without the express written permission of the publisher. This article is copyright protected and Fair Use is not applicable
From:	sentayi ponsious <sentayipons@yahoo.com>
Sent:	Friday, July 14, 2006 8:19 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	[*] RE: help me

Mr bush i thank you for the workyou are doing 
iaqm your friend sentayi ponsious in uganda my life is now not okey as i told you last time that i had high blood presure and up to now i have never got any treatment and ihave found a nother problem which iwant you help me iam sick  ihave been sent out of the house i have beenlenting becouse you see ido not work becouse of that problem so iwant you help me with only 2000$ to pay and get back to the house help me my things areaut side help me 
send me this through western union or money gram iwill get this help me iam badly off help  you can call on +256782465539 and tell me every thing i have do do pliz iam in danger 
rely  
YOUR IN NEED SENTAYI PONSIOUS
IN UGANDA 

Governor Jeb Bush <Jeb.Bush@MyFlorida.com> wrote:

How may we assist you?
 

-----Original Message-----
From: sentayi ponsious [mailto:sentayipons@yahoo.com]
Sent: Wednesday, June 28, 2006 11:14 AM
To: Governor Jeb Bush
Subject: help me


iam sentayii need your helppliz 
__________________________________________________
Do You Yahoo!?
Tired of spam? Yahoo! Mail has the best spam protection around 
http://mail.yahoo.com 


  _____  

Do you Yahoo!?
Next-gen email? Have it all with the all-new Yahoo! Mail Beta.
From:	Sbarto00@aol.com
Sent:	Friday, July 14, 2006 7:48 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Grand Reserve/Jacksonville

Grand Reserve
13810 Sutton Park Dr. N 
Jacksonville, Fl
  32224
 
 
Ant further assisatance you all can provide would be greatly appreciated. The BOD is trying to collect their millions as soon as possible because there is an election coming up soon.
 
What is going on here is very scary and it is wrong. I think some people are about to walk away millionaires here that should not be.
 
Thsi needs to be looked into very seriously and as residents, we have done everything we could to remove the BOD. Even doing a recall process. We far exceeded the number of ballots we needed to remove them. The BOD came up with every excuse they could, refused the ballots and they refuse to leave. They do not want what is in our best interests. They want what is in theirs.
 
Thank you
From:	Tina Shreve <b_ballmom43@yahoo.com>
Sent:	Friday, July 14, 2006 7:30 AM
To:	Walt Cook
Cc:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Re: Your Email to Governor Bush

Mr. Cook,
 
I talked to you on Wednesday, July 12, and you said that you would call back, I haven't heard anything from you.  I want a hearing!!  There is another problem, in the retail business you don't always make the same amount of money because the hours you work change every week.  Next week, I'm only scheduled for 32 hours which means I'm going to get a small paycheck then I ever have had so far.  So how do I pay my electric bill and buy food with that paycheck?????  
 
Tina Shreve

Walt Cook <Walt_Cook@dcf.state.fl.us> wrote:





Dear Ms. Shreve:

Thank you for your recent correspondence to Governor Bush regarding your
applications for assistance. The Governor asked that I respond to you on
his behalf.

According to case notes, your children were approved for Medically Needy
coverage with a share of cost, effective June 1, 2006. Notes also reflect
that you were denied Medicaid coverage for yourself and Food Stamps because
you failed to comply with up-front registration with Child Support
Enforcement. Although you verified you were receiving child support,
program policy requires that you go to the Child Support Enforcement Office
and complete necessary paperwork.

I suggest that you reapply for benefits and complete the necessary
paperwork for Child Support Enforcement.

If you have questions, please contact our Client Relations Office at
850-595-8107.

Sincerely,

Walter R. Cook
District Administrator - Team "1"
Escambia, Santa Rosa , Okaloosa, Walton Counties
160 Government Center, Suite 611
Pensacola, Florida 32502-5734
(850) 595-8211

Our Mission: "PROTECT THE VULNERABLE - PROMOTE STRONG FAMILIES - ADVANCE
RECOVERY AND RESILIENCY"


CONFIDENTIALITY NOTICE: This message and any attachments are for the sole
use of the intended recipient(s) and may contain confidential and
privileged information that is exempt from public disclosure. Any
unauthorized review, use, disclosure, or distribution is prohibited. If
you have received this message in error please contact the sender (by phone
or reply electronic mail) and then destroy all copies of the original
message.




  _____  

Sneak preview the MailScanner has detected a possible fraud attempt from "us.rd.yahoo.com" claiming to be all-new Yahoo.com. It's not radically different. Just radically better. 
From:	Christine Wakim <clworlando@earthlink.net>
Sent:	Friday, July 14, 2006 7:10 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Israel's attack on Beirut

Dear Gov. Bush,
    I am an American born citizen, I married a man from Lebanon and have arrived and departed many times from the Beirut Airport, just this past April with my two year old daughter Marlaina.  I am disheartened that Israel is being supported by the United States while they bomb the airport.  The innocent citizens of Beirut and many other countries are the ones who will most greatly suffer the consequences!!  The citizens are just as innocent as the US citizens who don't always understand what their government is doing.  Please give a voice to this injustice!!
Thank you,
A local supporter from Orlando
Christine Wakim
From:	Steve Skoufatos <bigsteve@dr.com>
Sent:	Friday, July 14, 2006 6:34 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Governor sides with nurse in trouble for Schiavo remarks

Importance:	High

Dear Governor Jeb Bush

Are you Kidding ?
As a nurse she should lose her license, If not go to Prison.
She violated State and federal privacy laws. And I am not even 
getting into the emotional distress she placed on Ms. Schiavo's 
parents with the miss-truths she was stating.
As a Nurse in the state of Florida this should not have been aloud.
As a Republican I believed in Enforcement of laws. Do you Not ??????
You should have stayed out of this Again
Please look at it this way would you want YOUR health info given out 
to the news with out your permission?

Steve Skoufatos LPN

From:	JWK <jkenney1@tampabay.rr.com>
Sent:	Friday, July 14, 2006 4:26 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Governor sides with nurse in trouble for Schiavo remarks

Bush, you are an clown and will not be missed when you leave office, and hopefully you will never serve in another elected position.  You can probably get a job at Halliburton.
From:	BETSY PARKER <blt0764@alltel.net>
Sent:	Friday, July 14, 2006 3:12 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Fw: LIFECHOICES

 
----- Original Message ----- 
From: Rita Schilling, ASC 
To: blt0764@alltel.net 
Sent: Thursday, July 13, 2006 4:22 PM
Subject: LIFECHOICES


Dear Betsy, 

Greetings! received your e-mail this morning and noticed that you do not have a college education at 42.  Do you not have any college credits at all?  I would need to know that Betsy since we do ask that women who inquire have their first degree at age 40.

Have you inquired with any other communities to see what is required academically before entrance?  

 

I will need to know that before we proceed.  Also you asked if we wear habits.  No we do not.  We wear ordinary street clothes.

If y u have any more questions do feel free to call.  You said you would mail me your BIO sheet that you printed off the website.

Are you saying that you have your BIO on a website?  I don’t quite know what you mean by that, Betsy.

 

Do feel free to call me and we can answer some of these questions over the phone. However my toll free phone is at the office and I am not in the office in the late evening.  I will try calling you Saturday or Sunday.

 

Peace to you, 

 

S. Rita Schilling, ASC

LifeChoices Minister

Vocation Office

www.adorers.org

1-877-236-7377 ext. 1409

 

From:	LadyJackFL@aol.com
Sent:	Friday, July 14, 2006 3:04 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	PS

I would also be willing to provide suggestions to or be a part of any committee you may decide to establish to deal with the insurance problems.
 
Tracy Card 386-427-1372
From:	RUTH ACOSTA <tahina69de@yahoo.de>
Sent:	Friday, July 14, 2006 2:24 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	LA PERSECUCION ES ABIERTA Y PAGADA POR MR BUSH

DESDE EL 28 de agosto 2003 CUANDO FIRMARON EL TRATADO PARA ATACAR A SIRIA  EL CALCULO ES TRES ANOS Y MEDIO EL PODER FUE DADO A LA ESPIA RUSA PARA MATAR ENCARCELAR PERSEGUIR A LOS CREYENTES ESPERATE HABLATE CON CON DAVID CHU Y GONZALES DE DEFENSA HAY ARRESTARLOS A LOS TRES LAURA BUSH MERKEL TRIO SEXUAL Y CRIMINAL WAIT FOR MORE INFORMATION THE HEAVEN CANT WAIT TALK TOCHRISTIANS AT CHURCH  EL §! DE AGOST SE ACABA EL CONVENIO PAGADO A MERKEL PARA MATAR A LOS HIJOS DE DIOS



  _____  

Was ist Glück? Schlafen Fische überhaupt? Die Antworten gibt’s auf Yahoo! Clever.
From:	Rhonda Vroman <rvroman@insync-com.com>
Sent:	Friday, July 14, 2006 1:02 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	RE: Continue Navarre Beach Renourishment Now

Dear Governor Bush,

 

As an owner of a condo in Navarre Towers, which is the building next to the gap, I would like to express my appreciation to you and other decision makers who have chosen to allow the 10 day extension of dredging at Navarre Beach, Florida.  The balance between nature and restoration is delicate and my thanks to you for this compromise. 

 

Sincerely,  

 

Rhonda Vroman

rvroman@insync-com.com

 

  _____  

From: Rhonda Vroman [mailto:rvroman@insync-com.com] 
Sent: Thursday, July 06, 2006 7:49 PM
To: 'jeb.bush@myflorida.com'
Subject: Continue Navarre Beach Renourishment Now 

 

Dear Governor Bush,

 

I am a property owner on Navarre Beach, specifically Navarre Towers, unit 203 and my purpose in writing today is to express concern for the recent decision made to halt beach renourishment until October, and to seek your assistance in reversing this decision. 

 

Like many other people, I have concern for the recent killing of turtles during the dredging operation and understand that the turtles, and other species that are protected, require careful consideration.  It is also my understanding that the number of turtles lost is far below that allowed for the Gulf this year. This, coupled with the fact that the to close the gap between the renourishment areas will take less than a month to complete, and without completion leaves the beach at great risk, causes me to make this appeal. 

 

The balance between progress and exploitation, between man and nature is precarious at best, and both sides of the issue can be readily debated. The decision was made to renourish Navarre Beach; and putting this decision into action took far too long. Nevertheless, the danger the current situation presents can be minimized with the continuations of dredging.  

 

I thank you for your consideration and understand decisions like this must carefully balance all sides, weighing short and long term consequences. I ask that you consider what can be done now to complete the beach renourishment at Navarre Beach. 

 

Sincerely, 

 

 

 

Rhonda Vroman Alexander 

602.840.7463 

rvroman@insync-com.com

 

From:	rw527super@aol.com
Sent:	Friday, July 14, 2006 12:09 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Agricultural Workers

Governor Bush;
 Why is Florida short of agricultural workers if there are such large numbers of legal immigrants and citizens without skills and unemployed?  Wouldn't it serve the purpose of Florida and the country if Florida provided a clearing house for those farmers who needed such workers on a regional basis.  Transportation could be arranged by the employers with designated stops throughout the region.  Wouldn't be cost effective for these employers to, in some cases, provide dormitory accommodations for those who lived greater distances away?  It would be refreshing to see government actually serve the purpose of resolving problems within their jurisdiction.
Roger Weir
161 E. Chicago
Chicago, IL 60611
rw527super@aol.com
  _____  

MailScanner has detected a possible fraud attempt from "pr.atwola.com" claiming to be Check out AOL.com today. Breaking news, video search, pictures, email and IM. All on demand. Always Free.

From:	michaelsFL5@aol.com
Sent:	Thursday, July 13, 2006 11:31 PM
To:	vernbuchananforcongress@QUALITYMAILER.COM
Cc:	Governor Jeb Bush; Bennett, Michael (LEG); lee.tom.web@flsenate.gov; abc.news.magazines@abc.com; abramsreport@msnbc.com; action@consumer.org; activist.thepen@gmail.com; activist@democrats.com; admin@consumerwatchdog.org; vcollins@citizen.org; barbaracjohnson@worldnet.att.net; bill@billnelson.senate.gov; campaign@electharris.org; Carlton, Lisa; cboyle@insurancejournal.com; cgaeaeloahcnbhll@AirAmericaRadio-lists.com; comments@whitehouse.gov; congresswatchdog@citizen.org; cff@mail.democracyinaction.org; dan@thejoyfm.com; dateline@nbc.com; dccc@dccc.org; now@now.org; dkaiser@insurancejournal.com; Clarke, Donna; ecampaign@gop.com; elizabeth@oneamericacommittee.com; editor@usatoday.com; Governor Jeb Bush; fmap@citizensfla.com; ftcr@consumerwatchdog.org; Latonya.Bryant@fldfs.com; ofr@fldfs.com; John.Venable@fldfs.com; DeanTong@aol.com; mike@michaelmoore.com; earvidson@lowellsun.com; easter@101smiles.com; generalcomments@feedback.msnbc.com; gigi.price@fldfs.com; grassrootshelp@moveon.org; hardball@msnbc.com; headliners@msnbc.com; help@fmap.org; info@dscc.org; info@moveon.org; info@publicampaign.org; infooac@oneamericacommittee.com; john@oneamericacommittee.com; Imus@msnbc.com; insurance-research@fdic.gov; jesse@dccc.org; john.pullen@fldfs.com; justicereport@consumerwatchdog.org; justice@consumerwatchdog.org; kenmehlman@gop.com; lagunabeachpch@hotmail.com; leg.info@leg.state.fl.us; legal@fdic.gov; marsha.watson@citizensfla.com; mary.gfiosprey@verizon.net; membership@oprah.com; magazine@nytimes.com; moveon-help@list.moveon.org; mwells@insurancejournal.com; my2cents@airamericaradio.com; NBCiQuestions@nbc.com; nightly@nbc.com; nupnpnbdpoqzxhud@AirAmericaRadio-lists.com; Ombudsman@fdic.gov; op-ed@latimes.com; online@villagevoice.com; panel@nbc.com; peoplepower@aflcio.org; plongo@citizen.org; progress@americanprogress.org; qizezeanzptozmai@AirAmericaRadio-lists.com; readyforchange@shaw.ca; regs@fdic.gov; speaker@myfloridahouse.gov; susan@campaigncorps.org; today@nbc.com; unitedforjustice@unitedforjustice.com; viewerservices@msnbc.com; weblitigationmail@citizen.org; weekendtoday@nbc.com; youshould@licollne.com
Subject:	Re: Requesting your permission...

Dear Mr. Buchanan:  You should look into Florida Homeowner's Insurance.  I am one of those working stiffs that has been dropped by Atlantic/Poe.  Citizens who is supposed to be working for the Florida Government has decided to charge me over $3500 dollars when I have paid $1200 a year in the past. This is outrageous and a rape of the American People's wallets.  I am a single homeowner making $12 dollars an hour.  My house is up for sale. I don't want to move but the writing on the wall is that the bank will foreclose because the homeowner's is part of my escrow. The mortgage payment will go up & I will not be able to pay it.  Insurance companies through FMAP email me or call me to tell me that they refuse to insure a home under $200,000 & furthermore their charge is the same as Citizens. Isn't that special.  So what good is FMAP?????Does the Florida Government care? No way.  The government continues to rape the wallets of the working poor.  If the insurance rates do not go down; if they continue to rob us while they make record profits and my home comes anywhere near foreclosure, I am going to stand in the middle of major traffic & end all of my problems with Mr. Smith & Mr. Wesson.  It will go into my mouth and those who are behind the exorbitant insurance prices will pull the trigger.  And my problems and stress will be over.  These insurance people will sleep at night because they hold  hands with the devil but what goes around comes around. They will reap what they sew!  Want to join me?  Susan Massaconi, Sarasota, FL. 
From:	Rob Campbell <rhcamp@verizon.net>
Sent:	Thursday, July 13, 2006 11:15 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	No Child left behind
Attachments:	The certificate of completion.doc


Dear Governor

Why are we paying teachers who are determined to undermind the state's
efforts to improve education?

Rob Campbell
From:	Laura de Jesus <milaura@stis.net>
Sent:	Thursday, July 13, 2006 10:05 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Fw: Miami Fl  County of Dade.

 
----- Original Message ----- 
From: Laura de Jesus 
To: jeb.bush@myflorida.com 
Sent: Thursday, July 13, 2006 8:35 AM
Subject: Miami Fl County of Dade.

Dear Jeb  Bush;
 
I.m sending you this e-mail because the police department here in Miami told me to complaint to you.
This is in reference to all this illegal immigrants bombarding our cities and the police not wanting or being able to do nothing about it.
I.m not talking about the few normal ones, I'm talking about the majority. Since I know you have lived in Mexico and you know that the rules there have to be obey, how come they come to this country not only illegally but they brake all the rules in our books and get away with it, what's going on with our country , has it been sold to the Mexican Country or what? Something better be done as soon as possible, I was born here in Miami and we always had a lot of immigrants but for the last 3 years we have a type of people that are not good for nothing and what's funny about it is that the police in Dade County don't want to even try to solve any problem, they told me to write to you or your brother since you guys are the ones that brought this problem to us.Please before you and your brother leave office DO SOMETHING ABOUT THIS PROBLEM. we also need more police officers that are willing to do the right job and not bounce the ball back and forth.
 
I have always voted for all the Bush clan, but lately they are doing nothing right...I'm not talking about Irack either.
 
A very disappointed voter.
 
Laura de Jesus
From:	Bbrackenl@aol.com
Sent:	Thursday, July 13, 2006 10:07 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Fwd: Gov. Bush is Right, Armed Citizens Reduce Crime
Attachments:	Gov. Bush is Right, Armed Citizens Reduce Crime

Gov. Bush:
 
I can't thank you enough and neither can CCRKBA. Just wanted to pass this along to you.
 
Bill
A Christian Patriot
Hosea 4:6
From:	Marcos Masso <massomj@hotmail.com>
Sent:	Thursday, July 13, 2006 9:00 PM
To:	customerhotline@racetrac.com
Cc:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Validity of ID's

On July 13, 2006, my son and I went to your store number 205 inJacksonville, 
FL. My son,who will be 26 on July 25, 2006 wanted to purchase a bottle of 
beer. As required by law, he was asked to present a valid ID, byan associate 
and a Co-Manager named Shannon stated That His ID issued in Puerto Rico was 
not valid as per company policy.
Being Puerto Rico a US Territory, I find that this policy if existant is 
ludicrious and discriminatory. I would like a explanation to clarify of this 
issue. Copy of this mail has been forwarded to the Resident Comissioner of 
Puerto Rico in Washington and the govenor of the State of Florida.

Thank you for your attention

sincerely,

Marcos J. Masso


From:	Christina Vinas <christina_vinas@yahoo.com>
Sent:	Thursday, July 13, 2006 8:13 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	[*] help

Mr Bush,
 
Im reaching a crisis point in my life. I am a Registered Nurse working  50 hours per week saving people's lives.  My Homeowners insurance has dropped my policy and now I have NO CHOICE but to be insuranced by Citizens Insurance.  My homeowners is now tripling!  I am a single mother, living in Lehigh Acres, Florida.  I have never had a claim in my life.  I live inland where our threat from hurricanes is minimal compared to coastal residence.  I cannot believe I cannot be insurance by any other company here in Florida.  I have called everyone and the bottom line is I have no choice but to pay up or lose my house.
The cost of living has gone up so much where I live.  Not mentioning the price of gas.  Every Year I get between 2% - 3% raise.  I am making less and less as the years go by.  Something has to be done here in Florida.  Everything is increasing in price except our pay.
 
I went to college and became a Nurse thinking I would be able to support myself.  My dreams and goals have let me down.  I save lives everyday yet who will help me......noone.  I can barely survive.  We cant even hire new employees at my hospital because after potential employees search for housing they decide to leave.
 
SOMETHING NEEDS TO BE DONE!
 
You really need to sit down with someone and come up with a plan.....Give us options, give us help.....
 
If another increase is approved for insurance companies I will have to sell my house.  My mortgage is going up $300.00 this year.....I cannot afford it to increase again....
unless I get paid more money per hour.....and please tell me the solution is not having to work more hours.....I already work 50 hours per week.  Im exhausted.
 
Please figure out something soon, we need your support and help.
 
Christina Vinas
1515 Lindale Circle
Lehigh Acres, Florida 33936
 

  _____  

Do you Yahoo!?
Everyone is raving about the all-new Yahoo! Mail Beta.
From:	AngeliqueAHom@aol.com
Sent:	Thursday, July 13, 2006 7:17 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	(no subject)

 
 
Dear Governor Bush,

I came to Florida from New York City two years ago with a dream of owning my own home. I have been able to achieve that dream. With everything going up, such as property taxes, homeowners insurance, gasoline, and the general cost of living, it is getting really hard to keep up with that American dream.  Cost of living keeps rising but salaries remain the same. 
 
Although the cost of living in New York city is high, the salaries were high enough to compensate.  Maybe that is what we need in Florida, better salaries to keep up with the rising costs so that Floridians can afford to stay in the state.

At this point, I am not so sure Florida was the right state to come to. I thought the State of Florida would stand by its Florida citizens. 
 
Sincerely,
 
Ada Hom
10424 Hunters Haven Blvd
Riverview , Fl 33569
 
















































































Ada Angelique Hom
 


From:	robert olemberg <rolemberg@olemshoe.com>
Sent:	Thursday, July 13, 2006 6:50 PM
To:	John Venable; Mary Ann Nealy; cfo@fldfs.com; Governor Jeb Bush
Cc:	Jane Lyon; Jeff Takacs; Diana Chapman; Jeffrey Bueg; ServicePoint; Vanessa Sims
Subject:	RE: Arlen House East condominium Association Hurricane Damage Claim/Imminent Collapse Claim Q B E Specialty Insurance Company

Dear Ms. Nealy,
 
Once again I find myself in the position to bring to your attention another unfortunate situation we are facing at the Arlen House East Condominium Association. 
We have a claim of approximately twenty ( 20 ) million dollars for concrete failure and imminent collapse insured by the Q B E Specialty Insurance Company. 
Will you kindly please issue a new Service Request Number for this matter or do you wish to amend Service Request Number 1-[REDACTED] to include this?
I am getting copies of the engineers reports and condemnation notices by the City of Sunny Isles Beach as well as the claim and a summary of all cash ( excluding financing cost)  expensed through July 31 2006 on this matter and estimated budget to completion of the project.  Upon receipt from you of either a new Service Number or request to amend the existing one I will FedEx the documentation to you. Between the two claims we are rapidly approaching a sixty ( 60 ) million dollar mark owed to us by the Q B E Specialty Insurance Company in unpaid claims. It is shocking that a reputable company such as Q B E is behaving in such bad faith as they appear to be dealing with us. The total claims divide by our six hundred units is nearly one hundred thousand dollars per unit, a rather incredible amount considering the average market value per unit is approximately three hundred and eighty thousand dollars. 
 
Sincerely yours,
 
Robert Olemberg

-----Original Message-----
From: Mary Ann Nealy [mailto:Mary.Nealy@fldfs.com]
Sent: Tuesday, June 06, 2006 3:29 PM
To: rolemberg@olemshoe.com
Cc: Jeff Takacs
Subject: Arlen House East condominium Association Hurricane Damage Claim



RE:    Service Request Number:  1-[REDACTED]

          QBE Specialty Insurance Company

 

Dear Mr. Olemberg:

 

Please see the attached letter regarding your association’s claim with OBE.  The attached letter is in response to your e-mail addressed to Mr. John Venable, Bureau Chief, Consumer Assistance.

 

 

Sincerely,

 

 

Mary Ann Nealy

Insurance Specialist III

Bureau of Consumer Assistance

From:	Tom <tomrep@verizon.net>
Sent:	Thursday, July 13, 2006 7:03 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	doro bush kochs book

dear gov bush,
Iam really looking forword to doro bush kochs upcoming new book "my father my president" (warner books) due out oct 6th. Ive already pre ordered it from my local barns n nobel book store and plan to give several copys as birthday gifts in october. I saw her being interviewed on c-span 2(the book tv program)
after I saw doro bush koch on c-span 2  I e mailed  all of my friends and family and typed up 100 letters encouraging folks to pre order "my father my president"  for this wonderful book.
 
please  talk to doro bush koch and tell her to please market  that book at the convention  and ask her to be interviewed on sean   hannitys tv show  and  sean hannity has a web site that has alot of great books and newsmax.com  and the usa.com  on thursday (they have a book section on thursday) and the newyork times has a great book section on sunday
 
please let me know if she has a book tour
 
tom chastain
5022 homer ave
tampa fla 33629
813-832-3520
From:	LANCEGP@aol.com
Sent:	Thursday, July 13, 2006 6:42 PM
To:	Gregg.Hultquist@nfs.fiserv.com
Cc:	president@whitehouse.gov; bregan@reganinsuranceinc.com; ycolon@MiamiHerald.com; heidi.kaibel@nfsmt.com; Governor Jeb Bush; Kim.Berger@nfsmt.com; Out4sushi@aol.com; Poppylp@aol.com; Mary.Ross-Goodnough@nfsmt.com; sorenson.ken@leg.state.fl.us; Sue.Ennis@nfsmt.com; glenn@callutc.com
Subject:	Hurricane Wilma Claim for Stella (Lisa) Paskewich-Hartford Fire Insurance Company.

Dear Gregg-

I was going through all of my saved e-mails and printing them out to have a complete paper trail file of how Lisa's Flood Insurance Claim has been handled by National Flood Services.

Below is a copy of the e-mail you sent me on March 2, 2006.  You are the Vice President of Operations and we need your immediate intervention in concluding this claim, since Kim Berger keeps delaying Final Payment and apparently is still "reviewing" what the Senior Adjuster sent to her.

What is interesting about your e-mail is the following:  "I have spoken with our claims manager and she is reviewing the file as well.  Sine (sic) you have a conflicting engineers report, she has suggested that we send out the engineer from UTC again to work with the other engineer that you received the conflicting report from, to work together to come to a resolution."

Since March 2, 2006 until July 13, 2006 we have offered dozens of times to hire an engineer and/or an architect to prove this claim is a total loss and that the UTC Engineer's report was wrong.  All e-mails on this subject have been copied to you, Kim Berger, Heidi and many others.  Nobody has ever responded.  We were told by the most recent onsite Adjuster that it was NOT NECESSARY!

The UTC Engineer was never sent back as promised by you on the phone and by way of your e-mail.

Lisa may lose her SBA Loan because your Corporation has dragged their feet on this claim and refused to send us the latest Adjuster's Report from the reinspection conducted on May 11, 2006.  How much more time will it take to get the latest report so we can give it to the SBA attorneys?  How much longer will it take for Kim Berger to review a claim that has already been reviewed by the Senior Adjuster Gerry Waytowich?

We would appreciate a response to this e-mail from you giving us an explanation for the delays and why the procedures set forth in your March 2, 2006 regarding the engineers were never allowed.  We desperately need a copy of the Final Report and when Kim Berger will be finished "reviewing."

Sincerely,

Lance G. Paskewich
305-596-5344
Cell:  305-978-6433
Fax:  305-270-1649


Date:  Thursday, March 2, 2006 6:15:32 PM

Lance,
 
I just received a copy of the final report from the adjuster as well as the engineers report.  Both are attached in .pdf form.  I have spoken with our claims manager and she is reviewing the file as well.  Sine you have a conflicting engineers report, she has suggested that we send out the engineer from UTC again to work with the other engineer that you received the conflicting report from, to work together to come to a resolution.  Unless I hear differently, I will ask her to proceed in that manner and hopefully we can get the file resolved quickly for your sister.
 
We will be in touch to schedule the process unless we hear otherwise from you.  Please copy both myself and Kim Berger on your response in the even that one of us is out of the office at the time.
 
Thanks,
Gregg Hultquist
Vice President, Operations
National Flood Services
888-888-2170 x444
fax:406-257-5709
gregg.hultquist@nfs.fiserv.com

From:	Robert MacCargar <maccargar@yahoo.com>
Sent:	Thursday, July 13, 2006 6:40 PM
To:	Valentin, Noyra; Governor Jeb Bush
Cc:	Steve Belcher; James S. Lee; wcmerwin@fgcu.edu; mharbury@fgcu.edu; hcaudle@fgcu.edu; Hehl, Jim
Subject:	[*] Re: FW: inventoried items

Ms. Valetin,

I sent an email to all parties involved earlier this
week.  I do not see how FGCU can charge me for items
that I have not signed for, nor was issued (nor have
in my possession).  I demand due process.  If FGCU is
saying that I stole these items, then FGCU better
follow due process of law.  Unless a court of law
finds me guilty and orders restitution, then FGCU
cannot just randomly charge me for anything they feel
like.

Thank you for your assistance in this matter.

Robert MacCargar

--- "Valentin, Noyra" <nvalenti@fgcu.edu> wrote:

> Mr.. MacCargar,
> 
>  
> 
> This note is to inform you that I received your
> package and along with
> Jim Lee inventoried the contents this afternoon. 
> Jim has outlined the
> items inventoried below.  
> 
>  
> 
> As per Steve Belcher's e-mail of 7/7/06, the cost of
> the items that were
> not received will be deducted from your final annual
> leave check on
> 7/21/06.  I have spoken to Jim Lee and he has
> removed the Best cylinder
> wrench from the list of outstanding items. 
> Therefore, the amount that
> will be deducted from your 7/21/06 annual leave cash
> out will be
> $316.71. The net amount due to you will be direct
> deposited to your bank
> account on file.  
> 
>  
> 
> Additionally, I wanted to provide you with the
> following information:
> 
> *	
> 	Your health, dental, vision, basic life and
> optional life
> insurance coverages will end July 31, 2006.   The
> People First Service
> Center will mail you a COBRA continuation packet
> shortly after your
> coverage ends as well as a Certificate of Creditable
> Coverage (HIPAA
> certificate).
> 	
> *	
> 	You are vested in the FRS Investment Plan.  Please
> complete the
> attached FRS Investment Plan Employment Termination
> Form and return to
> my attention.
> 	
> *	
> 	We have updated you mailing address to 81 Dazzling
> Brook Lane;
> Waynesville, NC 28786.  If you move prior to January
> 2007, please notify
> our office to ensure you receive your 2006 W-2 in a
> timely manner.
> 
>  
> Thank you,
>  
> Noyra C. Valentin, REBC, RHU
> Assistant Director, Benefits & Payroll
> Florida Gulf Coast University
> 10501 FGCU Blvd. South
> Fort Myers, Florida 33965-6565
> 239-590-1415
> nvalenti@fgcu.edu 
> 
>  
>  
> 
> 
> ________________________________
> 
> From: Lee, James S. 
> Sent: Thursday, July 13, 2006 4:46 PM
> To: Valentin, Noyra
> Cc: Belcher, Steve; Hehl, Jim; McConnell, Vikki
> Subject: RE: inventoried items
> 
> 
> 
>  
> 
>  
> 
>  
> 
> Noyra,
> 
>  
> 
> This is to acknowledge the items that were
> inventoried from the package
> sent to you from Robert MacCargar. In the box that
> we opened together in
> your office at approximately 2:00pm this afternoon
> on Thursday, July 13,
> 2006 we inventoried the following:
> 
>  
> 
> 5                     Polo style uniform shirts
> 
> 6                     Jeans style uniform pants
> 
> 1                     Nextel radio
> 
> 1                     Best Premium key stamped
> 'KK-507-2' for the Lock
> shop
> 
> 1                     key stamped '43356' for AB5
> front doors
> 
> 1                     key stamped 'CH510' for the
> van box on the golf
> cart
> 
> 1                     HID Duo-Prox access card
> #30143
> 
>  
> 
> Those items have been returned to the Physical Plant
> offices.
> 
>  
> 
> The following items from the original list that was
> made from an
> inventory of the Lockshop and Locksmith assigned
> cart are still not
> accounted for:
> 
>  
> 
> 1          Craftsman 9-65508 3 drawer portable tool
> chest w/ top bins
> $64.76   *
> 
> 1          Craftsman 9-335996 96pc mechanics
> socket/tool set
> $105.00 *
> 
> 1          HPC-NDPK24 pro mixer 24pc pick set
> $57.00  *
> 
> 1          TIM D500KY change tool
> $4.05    *
> 
> 1          Husky 10pc standard wrench set
> $54.96  #
> 
> 1          Scribe/magnet
> $9.97    #
> 
> 1          Dewalt drill bit set
> $20.97   #
> 
> 1          Best cylinder wrench
> $12.00  
> 
>  
> 
> Total
> $328.71
> 
>  
> 
> I am forwarding to you through inter-office mail
> copies of the invoices
> and central receiving log that show that Mr.
> MacCargar indeed picked up
> these items from the warehouse that have an asterick
> on the above list.
> The items that have the # sign beside them were
> purchased by myself from
> Home Depot and hand delivered to him. The last item
> on the list was on
> hand in the Lockshop. I am requesting that the
> $328.71 value of the
> outstanding items be deducted from his final pay
> check so that we may
> replace the missing items. Once that is completed we
> will be able to
> grant separation clearance to Mr. MacCargar from
> Physical Plant.
> 
>  
> 
>  
> 
> Jim Lee
> 
> 




From:	9_taylor@myway.com
Sent:	Thursday, July 13, 2006 6:38 PM
To:	president@whitehouse.gov
Cc:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	FW: immediate
Attachments:	immediate

Also pleae rlieve me of Roy Brown andor robert brwonand medina as well. They interfere with my day and with my life. 
I thought you would like to see the girls dance on Sunday perhaps at church. And I can think of no great honr but the Lord than to have you vist and meet tis young woman and her family. Whether she remains my 'friend' or not.

Thank you.




	

  _____  

No banners. No pop-ups. No kidding.
Make My Way your home on the Web - http://www.myway.com 
From:	9_taylor@myway.com
Sent:	Thursday, July 13, 2006 6:33 PM
To:	president@whitehouse.gov
Cc:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	immediate
Attachments:	Vacation

By the way--I would never ever send you anything particularly anything that would have anything to do with my life or health to email accoutsthat were being raided by filthy mexians and conartists and terrorists to begin with or forwarded to them. Nor would I ever negotiate with my life. Her child is unimportant to me as mine was to hers. 
Mexians that include their 20year old daughters in criminal activity both at hospitals and in offices where she didnt belong but caused confusion need ntever attemptto intercept my correspondence. Her workouts and her ability to fight defensively in karate or yoga or otherwise will benefit her inany [prison your legal system can remember is what was created for criminals that extort money from Laura Bush file bankruptcy, attempt to file and or use legal documents such as passports forge checks etc 
And yes Iandance Famenco as well. Pleae have them fix whatever they attempted to destroy. 



	

  _____  

No banners. No pop-ups. No kidding.
Make My Way your home on the Web - http://www.myway.com 
From:	Michael Bohannon <MFB1143@peoplepc.com>
Sent:	Thursday, July 13, 2006 6:25 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	My 2 Cents Worth of Florida Insurance Companies that Shouldn't Exist

I sent this to letters to the editor, but it hasn't been published...thought maybe you'd like to see it, since you're being bombarded on the protection rackets.
Mike Bohannon
Melbourne, Fl   
757-3699

Protection Rackets
We are now seeing the true colors of the Florida insurance industry showing through.  The so-called insurance industry is the result of the evolution from the mob protection rackets and it looks like they are again resorting to some of their old methods.  State Farm, and now Nationwide, are demanding 70+% premium increases after years of increases…not to mention years of record profits *.  Worse, they use no rhyme or reason in their demands.  Lake County, which is way inland, has the highest increase.  Flagler County, which is on the coast, has the lowest increase.  All increases are predicated on a worst-case scenario…like Armageddon.  None are necessary.
The only thing wrong with Florida insurance is that the inept Florida Insurance Commission allowed these mob protection rackets to set up "Florida-only" subsidiaries...such as Allstate Floridian, State Farm Florida, Nationwide Florida, et al.
All this accomplished, other than providing proof-positive that the Florida Insurance Commission is worthless, was to allow the national insurance companies to protect their massive profits and their massive catastrophic funds.  State Farm alone has a $44 billion catastrophic fund and no claim from Florida is paid from it.
Florida should do 3 things right now:
1.	Disband the Florida Insurance Commission - we'd be better off with nothing than what we have.
2.	Un-incorporate all of the "Floridian" insurance subsidiaries.
3.	Tell these companies to either settle for good profits nationwide or take all of their insurance products and get out of Florida.  
Mike Bohannon
Melbourne
757-3699

* After catastrophic storm seasons in 2004 and 2005, State Farm recorded net profits of $5.3 billion in 2005, Allstate reported $3.2 Billion, and on and on and on.


From:	9_taylor@myway.com
Sent:	Thursday, July 13, 2006 6:25 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Cc:	President@whitehouse.gov
Subject:	FW: Father's Day
Attachments:	Father's Day


Do continue to Pray for the nation. In the meantime however do find out why it feels like I fell in love with the both of you. George and Jeb.
You dont need my love but have my prayers and loyalty where it counts. My love to Laura. Make certain I am not linked to anyone whose emoistionsare outof wack for whatever reason please. Sexual harassemtn worksboth ways right. I dont like any sister being sexually harssed.



	

  _____  

No banners. No pop-ups. No kidding.
Make My Way your home on the Web - http://www.myway.com 
From:	rebeckah_trail@yahoo.com
Sent:	Thursday, July 13, 2006 6:12 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Yahoo! News Story - Record California power demand possible soon - Yahoo! News


 (rebeckah_trail@yahoo.com) has sent you a news article. 
(Email address has not been verified.)
------------------------------------------------------------
Personal message:

case in point I didnt send this. Raquel

Idont likethe woman that it feltlie you were  havings relations with  come meet the one that is here.  God doenst like itwhen icry  or whenI pray  or worse when I cant pray the way  I need to. The chldrenand I danced around last night  and ate scrambled eggs alot liek I didin california with Jackson Rhonefelt who I think would absolutely love the little Rachel. I am a christian even when those inyourfamily or when others try to take thatfromme Your Chinese alliances would understand that the ones that have converted anyway. do pray for me  as I do prayfor all of you. With much love Raquel verdguez. Notresponsible forpersians  in the school system

Record California power demand possible soon - Yahoo! News

http://news.yahoo.com/s/nm/20060713/us_nm/utilities_california_record_dc

============================================================
Yahoo! News 
http://news.yahoo.com/



From:	44132-return-434-1518427@lb.bcentral.com on behalf of City of Sanibel <sanadmin@mysanibel.com>
Sent:	Thursday, July 13, 2006 5:53 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Sanibel City Council Meeting Agenda July 18, 2006

SANIBEL CITY COUNCIL MEETING     

COUNCIL CHAMBERS (MacKenzie Hall)

800 DUNLOP ROAD

July 18, 2006

___________________________________

 

CLICK HERE FOR AGENDA WITH ATTACHMENTS

_____________________________________

            

PLEASE NOTE THAT THE CITY COUNCIL AGENDA IS SUBJECT TO CHANGE

A COPY OF THE AGENDA PACKET IS ON THE CITYS WEBSITE www.mysanibel.com; ON FILE AT SANIBEL LIBRARY; AND AVAILABLE FOR REVIEW AT THE CITY HALL FRONT DESK

 

8:15 9:00 a. m.         Reception for Barbara Dunn, Police Department Administrative Assistant honoring the occasion of her retirement and 9 years of service to the citizens of Sanibel

 

9:00 A. M.      1.         Call to Order

 

2.                  Invocation and Pledge of Allegiance. (Councilman Rothman)

 

3.                  PRESENTATION

 

a.   Proclamation honoring Barbara Dunn honoring the occasion of her retirement and 9 years serving the citizens of Sanibel

 

                                    b.   Recognition of Harold Law, Building Official on his election to President of the Building Officials Association of Florida

 

4.         Public Comments for non-Agenda items (Maximum time allotted, 20 minutes, with a limitation of 5 minutes per speaker.)

 

5.         Council Photo

 

                        6.         Council Comments.

                                                                        

                        7.         Planning Commission Report (John Veenschoten)

.           

8.         First Reading of an ordinance and scheduling of public hearing.  

(Note: The First Reading is not a public hearing and no discussion or testimony will be taken unless the ordinance changes permitted conditional or prohibited uses as required by State Statute.)

 

a.         ORDINANCE 06-009 AMENDING THE SANIBEL CODE, PART II LAND DEVELOPMENT CODE, CHAPTER 126 ZONING, ARTICLE XIV SUPPLEMENTARY DISTRICT REGULATIONS, TO ADD A NEW SECTION 126-1029 BONUS OUTDOOR SEATS FOR DINING, TO ESTABLISH PROCEDURES AND STANDARDS FOR PROVIDING BONUS OUTDOOR DINING AT RESTAURANTS; PROVIDING FOR CONFLICT AND SEVERANCE; PROVIDING FOR CODIFICATION; AND PROVIDING AN EFFECTIVE DATE

 

b.         ORDINANCE 06-010 CALLING FOR AN ELECTION TO SUBMIT TO THE SANIBEL ELECTORATE AN AMENDMENT TO THE SANIBEL CHARTER; PROPOSING AN AMENDMENT TO ARTICLE III, LEGISLATIVE, TO ADD A NEW SECTION 3.18 TO THE SANIBEL CITY CHARTER (AS CODIFIED) ENTITLED THE SANIBEL VISION STATEMENT; PROVIDING FOR THE CONDUCT OF THE ELECTION BY THE LEE COUNTY SUPERVISOR OF ELECTIONS; PROVIDING BALLOT LANGUAGE; PROVIDING FOR NOTICE OF ELECTION AND CANVASSING OF RESULTS; PROVIDING FOR ELECTION AND EFFECTIVE DATE OF AMENDMENTS UPON REFERENDUM APPROVAL; AND PROVIDING AN EFFECTIVE DATE (Councilman Brown)

 

c.         ORDINANCE 06-011 AMENDING THE SANIBEL CODE, PART II, SUBPART A, GENERAL ORDINANCES, CHAPTER 10 ANIMALS, ARTICLE 1, BY AMENDING SECTION 10-1 DEFINITIONS, TO INCLUDE A DEFINITION FOR EXOTIC ANIMAL; ADDING A NEW SECTION 10-10 ENTITLED EXOTIC ANIMAL; RELEASE PROHIBITED; PROVIDING FOR THE PROHIBITION ON THE INTENTIONAL OF UNINTENTIONAL RELEASE OF ANY EXOTIC ANIMAL, SPECIALLY INCLUDING ANY BIRD, FISH, AND/OR REPTILE, WITHIN THE BOUNDARY OF THE CITY OF SANIBEL, FLORIDA; PROVIDING THAT NOTHING IN THIS ORDINANCE SHOULD BE CONSTRUED TO PERTAIN TI MIGRATORY BIRDS OR FISH THAT MAY TEMPORARILY INHABIT THE ISLAND OR ITS WATERS AS THEY PASS THROUGH SANIBEL ON THEIR WAY TO AND/OR FROM OTHER JURISDICTIONS; PROVIDING FOR PENALTY; PROVIDING FOR CODIFICATION; PROVIDING FOR CONFLICT AND SEVERANCE; AND PROVIDING AN EFFECTIVE DATE (Councilman Rothman)

 

9.         CONSENT AGENDA (ANY PERSON MAY REQUEST THAT COUNCIL REMOVE AN ITEM FROM THE CONSENT AGENDA FOR DISCUSSION BY NOTIFYING THE CITY MANAGER/CITY CLERK, OR A COUNCIL MEMBER, PRIOR TO THE MEETING)

 

a.         Approval of minutes:     May 18, 2006 Regular Meeting, June 06, 2006 Regular Meeting, and June 20, 2006 Regular Meeting

 

b.         RESOLUTION 06-095 AMENDING RESOLUTIONS NO. 03-071 AND 03-087 WHICH LEVIED THE RESPECTIVE PRELIMINARY AND FINAL SPECIAL ASSESSMENTS, AND THE ASSOCIATED PROPERTY LIENS THEREFORE, FOR THE SANIBEL SEWER COLLECTION SYSTEM EXPANSION PHASE 3A; DEFERRING THE INTEREST ACCRUAL DATE FROM JULY 1, 2004 TO NOVEMBER 1, 2004; AND DEFERRING THE COLLECTION DATE FROM TAX YEAR 2004 TO 2006, AND PROVIDING AN EFFECTIVE DATE

 

c.         RESOLUTION 06-096 ESTABLISHING AN AUDIT COMMITTEE PURSUANT TO FLORIDA STATUTE, SECTION 218.391 FOR THE PRIMARY PURPOSE OF ASSISTING THE CITY OF SANIBEL IN SELECTING AN AUDITOR TO CONDUCT THE ANNUAL FINANCIAL AUDIT; AND PROVIDING AN EFFECTIVE DATE

 

d.            RESOLUTION NO. 06-097 AUTHORIZING A SEPARATE INVESTMENT ACCOUNT IN THE LOCAL GOVERNMENT TRUST FUND ADMINISTERED BY THE FLORIDA STATE BOARD OF ADMINISTRATION FOR INVESTMENT OF THE $8.35 MILLION GENERAL OBLIGATION BOND PROCEEDS FOR THE SANIBEL RECREATION CENTER PROJECT, AND PROVIDING AN EFFECTIVE DATE

 

e.         Reject bid received for construction of a Shared Use Path on Bailey Road.  Cougar Contracting submitted the only bid in the amount of $235,405, while only $50,000 was budgeted for the project

 

f.          Renewal of an Interagency Agreement for Juvenile Assessment Center between the City of Sanibel and Lee County Sheriffs Department

 

g.         RESOLUTION 06-098 APPROVING A LEASE AGREEMENT FOR THE GULFSIDE CITY PARK CARETAKERS COTTAGE WITH THOMAS F. BAUER; AND PROVIDING AN EFFECTIVE DATE

 

h.         RESOLUTION 06-099 APPROVING A LEASE AGREEMENT FOR THE 2897 ISLAND INN ROAD PROPERTY WITH LANCE A. LUNA; AND PROVIDING AN EFFECTIVE DATE

 

i.          RESOLUTION 06-100 APPROVING A LEASE AGREEMENT FOR THE EAST LIGHTHOUSE CARETAKERS COTTAGE WITH DENNIS L. ROBERTS; AND PROVIDING AN EFFECTIVE DATE

 

j.          RESOLUTION 06-101 APPROVING A LEASE AGREEMENT FOR THE WEST LIGHTHOUSE CARETAKERS COTTAGE WITH RANDAL D. WRIGHT; AND PROVIDING AN EFFECTIVE DATE

 

k.         RESOLUTION 06-102 APPROVING BUDGET AMENDMENT/TRANSFER NO. 2006-071 AND PROVIDING AN EFFECTIVE DATE (to roll forward unspent grant and local match funds from FY 2005 to FY 2006 to complete the Clams/Dinkins Bayou Capital Project in the amount of $287,112)

 

l.          RESOLUTION 06-103 APPROVING BUDGET AMENDMENT/TRANSFER NO. 2006-072 AND PROVIDING AN EFFECTIVE DATE (roll forward actual beginning fund balances from FY 2005 to FY 2006.  Funds are being appropriated to Ending Fund Balance for re-appropriation in the subsequent fiscal year (FY 07) except for certain Special Revenue and Capital Project Funds, which are being appropriated for the completion of the respective projects in the amount of $206,637)

 

m.        RESOLUTION 06-104 APPROVING BUDGET AMENDMENT/TRANSFER NO. 2006-073 AND PROVIDING AN EFFECTIVE DATE (to roll forward unspent South Florida Water Management District grant funds which were awarded in FY 2005 to FY 2006 to complete the Sanibel River Restoration Project)

 

n.         RESOLUTION 06-105 APPROVING BUDGET AMENDMENT/TRANSFER NO. 2006-074 AND PROVIDING AN EFFECTIVE DATE (to reimburse the General Fund Disaster Reserve Fund for $670,272 of the $1,345,000 from the Disaster Reserve for the clean-up of Hurricane Wilma and to appropriate the estimated $908,782 to be received from FEMA.  $804,397 has already been received from FEMA as of June 30, 2006)

 

o.         RESOLUTION 06-106 APPROVING BUDGET AMENDMENT/TRANSFER NO. 2006-075 AND PROVIDING AN EFFECTIVE DATE (to appropriate the FY 2006 and final Hurricane Charley recovery expenditures (Fund #113) and transfer of excess bond proceeds of $1,135,768 to the $10M FLGFC Debt Service Fund to pay down the principal balance on the Hurricane Charley debt.  After this pay down, the projected principal balance remaining at September 30, 2006 will be $1,707,000)

 

p.         RESOLUTION 06-107 APPROVING BUDGET AMENDMENT/TRANSFER NO. 2006-076 AND PROVIDING AN EFFECTIVE DATE (to appropriate a one-time award of $5,000 from the L. A. T. Foundation to fund the design, construction and installation of interpretive signage for each of the Sanibel Historical Village and Museums 9 buildings)

 

q.         Authorize the Shared Use Path Master Plan consultant, Sprinkle Consulting, Inc., to proceed with the previously deferred tasks and subtask

 

r.          Request from B. I. G. Arts for approval 2006/2007 Special Event Permits to serve wine during intermissions

 

s.          Approval of an Interlocal Agreement between the City of Sanibel and Lee County for the construction of restrooms (outhouse replica) at the Historical Museum and authorize the City Manager to execute agreement

 

10.       OLD BUSINESS

                                    

a.      Water Quality Issues

1.   Staff Reports

2.   Meeting Reports

a.   SFWMD Water Resources Advisory Commission Lake Okeechobee Committee, June 28, 2006 

b.   Army Corps of Engineers (ACOE) July 12, 2006 public comment meeting regarding new proposed Lake Okeechobee water release schedule

3.   Correspondence

a.   Letters to the Army Corps of Engineers and the South Florida Water Management District 

b.   Letter of April 28, 2006 from Governor Bush to John Paul Woodley, Principal Deputy Assistant to the Assistant of the Army Civil Works

c.   Letter of May 03, 2006 from John Paul Woodley, Principal Deputy Assistant to the Assistant of the Army Civil Works to Governor Bush

4.   RESOLUTION 06-094 AMENDING RESOLUTION 06-068 WHICH ESTABLISHED THE CITY OF SANIBEL ENVIRONMENTAL LEGAL DEFENSE FUND; AMENDING SUCH RESOLUTION TO EXPAND THE PURPOSES AND USES FOR SUCH FUND; AND PROVIDING AN EFFECTIVE DATE

5.   RESOLUTION 06-089 AUTHORIZING AND SCHEDULING A BINDING REFERENDUM PERTAINING TO THE EXPENDITURE OF CITY FUNDS FOR LITIGATION RELATING TO LAKE OKEECHOBEE AND CALOOSAHATCHEE RIVER FRESHWATER RELEASES WHICH HAVE DEGRADED AND ARE DEGRADING THE WATERS ADJACENT TO SANIBEL, INCLUDING NEARBY BAYS AND ESTUARIES; CALLING FOR AND ORDERING A BINDING REFERENDUM TO BE HELD IN THE CITY OF SANIBEL TO DETERMINE WHETHER A MAJORITY OF ELECTORS PARTICIPATING IN SUCH REFERENDUM APPROVE THE USE OF CITY FUNDS TO INITIATE AND PURSUE LITIGATION WITH THE PURPOSE OF REDUCING, MINIMIZING AND ELIMINATING THE DEGRADED AND DEGRADING WATER QUALITY DIRECTLY RESULTING FROM FRESH WATER RELEASES FROM LAKE OKEECHOBEE AND THE CALOOSAHATCHEE RIVER; ESTABLISHING THE DATE OF THE ELECTION; REQUESTING THE LEE COUNTY SUPERVISOR OF ELECTIONS CONDUCT THE ELECTION IN ACCORDANCE WITH LAWS AND REGULATIONS AND CERTIFY THE RESULTS TO THE SANIBEL CITY COUNCIL; AND PROVIDING AN EFFECTIVE DATE

6.   Lee County Visitor & Convention Bureau Water Resources Initiative Accomplishment List (VCB)

7.   Approval of final draft of Issue 3 of H2O Matters

8.   Other

 

b.      Recreation Center

 

a.   Monthly Progress Report

                                             b.   Material Selection and Approval

 

                                    c.      Request by Randy Post, Manager Gasparillas Grill located at 2499 Periwinkle Way (formerly Seafood Factory) for an entertainment license for solo or disc jockey from 10:00 p. m. to midnight, 7 days per week and RESOLUTION 06-082 APPROVING THE APPLICATION FOR AN ENTERTAINMENT LICENSE AT THE GASPARILLAS GRILL, 2499 PERIWINKLE WAY, SUBJECT TO CONDITIONS; AND PROVIDING AN EFFECTIVE DATE

 

d.      Review of Draft version of Redevelopment Work Plan

 

LUNCH 12:30 to 1:30 P. M. THE LUNCH BREAK MAY BE RE-SCHEDULED ITEMS SHOWN AFTER LUNCH MAY BE DISCUSSED PRIOR TO THE LUNCH BREAK UNLESS LISTED TO BE HEARD AT A SPECIFIC LISTED TIME

 

                        11.       COMMITTEE BOARDS AND COMMISSION

 

a.         Planning Commission Annual Review of the Capital Improvements Elements of the Sanibel Plan by the Capital Improvements Element Review Sub-committee

 

b.         Advertisement for General Employees Pension Board Members

 

                                    c.         Status of Sanibel Police Pension Board Members

 

12.       NEW BUSINESS

 

a.         Presentation by Hartman Consulting for the annual update of the Sewer Financial Feasibility Study (Tara Hollis)

 

13.       CITY MANAGER'S REPORT

            a.         Informational items:

1.         Distribution of Working Operating Budget and list of initiatives to City Council

2.         Computation of Business Roundtables

3.         Report regarding staff appearance before Lee County Landscaping Grant Committee requesting funding toward Periwinkle Way Restoration Project

4.         Schedule of a July 25, 2006 Special Meeting to discuss FY 2006-2007 Budget

5.         Request from Sanibel Fire Department to conduct traffic study along Periwinkle Way August 8th , 9th  and 10th 

                                                6.         Results of Hazardous Waste Day Collection

7.         Summary of Police Department Statistics regarding Illegal Consumption of Alcohol by minors and increase in drinking while under the influence

                                                8.         Monthly Planning Department Update

 

14.       CITY ATTORNEY'S REPORT

 

15.       PUBLIC COMMENT

 

16.       COUNCILMEMBERS' REPORT

 

a.         Discussion of Founder Days 2006 commemorating unique civic development of the City of Sanibel (Mayor Johnston)

 

            b.         Discussion regarding public participation (Mayor Johnston)

 

17.       ADJOURNMENT

 

IF A PERSON DECIDES TO APPEAL A DECISION MADE BY THE COUNCIL ON ANY MATTER CONSIDERED AT THIS MEETING/HEARING, SUCH PERSON MAY NEED TO ENSURE THAT A VERBATIM RECORD OF THE PROCEEDINGS IS MADE, TO INCLUDE THE TESTIMONY AND EVIDENCE UPON WHICH ANY SUCH APPEAL IS TO BE BASED.

 

IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE AMERICANS WITH DISABILITIES ACT, PERSONS NEEDING A SPECIAL ACCOMMODATION TO PARTICIPATE IN THIS PROCEEDING SHOULD CONTACT JIM ISOM, DIRECTOR OF ADMINISTRATIVE SERVICES NO LATER THAN ONE DAY PRIOR TO THE PROCEEDINGS AT (239) 472-3700 FOR ASSISTANCE IF HEARING IMPAIRED OR TELEPHONE THE FLORIDA RELAY SERVICE AT 711.

 

Citizens may request to receive Sanibel City Council and Planning Commission meeting agenda directly via e-mail.  Citizens wishing to receive a copy of the agenda via e-mail may do so by visiting the Citys website at www.mysanibel.com Additionally, citizens may register to receive City announcements such as press releases.  Prior to requesting the agendas, the website reminds citizens that all e-mail addresses and requests submitted to the City are public information and governed by the applicable Florida Statute.

 

HORIZON UPCOMING IMPORTANT DATES

 

 

Tuesday                                July 25, 2006          City Council Special Meeting            MacKenzie Hall      9:00 a. m.

 

Tuesday                                August 01, 2006   City Council Meeting          MacKenzie Hall                     9:00 a. m

 

Tuesday                                August 15, 2006   City Council Meeting          MacKenzie Hall                     9:00 a.m.

 

Monday                 September 04, 2006              City Hall Closed in Observance of Labor Day

 

Tuesday                                September 05, 2006              City Council Meeting          CANCELLED

 

Saturday                                September 09,2006               City Council Budget Hearing             MacKenzie Hall    9:30 a.m

 

Tuesday                                September 19,2006               City Hall Meeting MacKenzie Hall       9:00 a. m

 

Tuesday                                September 19, 2006              Final Budget Hearing          Mackenzie Hall        5:01 p.m.

 

Tuesday                                October 03, 2006                   City Council Meeting          MacKenzie Hall       9:00 a. m.

 

Tuesday                                October 17, 2006                   City Council Meeting          MacKenzie Hall       9:00 a. m.

 

Tuesday                                November 07, 2006               City Council Meeting          MacKenzie Hall       9:00 a. m.

 

Friday                     November 10, 2006               City Hall Closed in Observance of Veterans Day

 

Saturday                                November 11, 2006               Veterans Day

 

Tuesday                                November 14, 2006               City Council Meeting          MacKenzie Hall       9:00 a. m.

 

Thursday               November 16, 2006               Student Government Day   MacKenzie Hall      10:30 a. m.

 

Thursday               November 16, 2006               Candidate Workshop          MacKenzie Hall         1:00 p.m.

 

Tuesday                                November 21, 2006               City Council Meeting          MacKenzie Hall           9:00 a. m.

 

Thursday               November 23, 2006               City Hall Closed in Observance of Thanksgiving Day

 

Friday                     November 24,2 006               City Hall Closed in Observance of Thanksgiving

 

Tuesday                                December 05, 2006               City Council Meeting          MacKenzie Hall            9:00 a. m.

 

Tuesday                                December 07, 2006               Employees Appreciation Luncheon CasaYbel       11:30 a.m.

 

Tuesday                                December 19, 2006               City Council Meeting          MacKenzie Hall            9:00 a.m.

 

Monday                 January 01, 2007                   City Hall Closed in Observance of New Years Day

 

Tuesday                                January 02, 2007                   City Council Meeting          MacKenzie Hall           9:00 a. m.

 

Tuesday                                January 16, 2007                   City Council Meeting          MacKenzie Hall          9:00 a. m.

 

Tuesday                                February 06, 2007 City Council Meeting          MacKenzie Hall          9:00 a. m.

 

HORIZON UPCOMING IMPORTANT DATES

 

 

Tuesday                                February 20, 2007 City Council Meeting          MacKenzie Hall          9:00 a. m.

 

Tuesday                                March 06, 2007                     City Council Meeting          MacKenzie Hall          9:00 a. m.

 

Tuesday                                March 06, 2007                     Sanibel Municipal Elections               7:00 a.m. to 7:00 p.m.

 

Tuesday                                March 20, 2007                     City Council Meeting          MacKenzie Hall          9:00 a. m.

 

Thursday               March 22, 2007                     Volunteer Luncheon            SCA        11:30 a. m. to 1:00 p.m.

 

Tuesday                                April 03, 2007                        City Council Meeting          MacKenzie Hall          9:00 a. m.

 

Tuesday                                April 17, 2007                        City Council Meeting          MacKenzie Hall          9:00 a. m.

 

Tuesday                                May 01, 2007                         City Council Meeting          MacKenzie Hall          9:00 a. m.

 

Tuesday                                May 15, 2007                         City Council Meeting          MacKenzie Hall          9:00 a. m.

 

Monday                 May 28, 2007                         City Hall Closed in Observance of Memorial Day

 

Tuesday                                June 05, 2007                         City Council Meeting          MacKenzie Hall          9:00 a.m.

 

Tuesday                                June 19, 2007                         City Council Meeting          MacKenzie Hall          9:00 a. m.

 

Tuesday                                July 03, 2007                          City Council Meeting          MacKenzie Hall          9:00 a. m.

 

Tuesday                                July 17, 2007                          City Council Meeting          MacKenzie Hall          9:00 a. m.

                                                                                Proposed Millage Rate set

 

Tuesday                                August 07, 2007                   City Council Meeting          MacKenzie Hall         9:00 a. m.

 

Tuesday                                August 21, 2007                   City Council Meeting          MacKenzie Hall        9:00 a. m.

 

Monday                 September 03, 2007              City Hall Closed in Observance of Labor Day

 

Tuesday                                September 04, 2007              City Council Meeting          MacKenzie Hall       9:00 a. m.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Sanibel City Council

 

 

RULES OF CIVILITY FOR PUBLIC PARTICIPATION

 

In recognition that public discourse is essential to the democratic system of government on April 16, 2002, Sanibel City Council adopted a Proclamation embracing civility in public deliberations.  

 

Therefore, Sanibel City Council sanctioned these rules for public participation while conducting meetings and workshops:

 

1.      Speakers are permitted to deliver his or her comments without interruption.

 

2.      Speakers and debates should focus on issues, not on persons or personalities.

 

3.      Persons are encouraged to participate in the governmental process.

 

4.      To allow time to hear all points of view, speakers are allotted 5 minutes each time they are recognized.

 

5.      Sidebar discussions while others are speaking are not permitted in Council Chambers.  These discussions are to be removed from the chamber so as not to be disruptive to those conducting and following Council business.  

 

6.      Only the speaker recognized by the Chairperson has the floor.  Speakers should raise their hand to be recognized.  Speakers should identify themselves for the record.  Speakers should utilize the microphone so that their comments can be recorded.

 

7.      Everyone wishing to speak on an issue is given an opportunity to speak before speakers are recognized for an opportunity to speak a second time on an issue.

 

8.      We seek to understand one anothers points of view.

 

9.      Anger, rudeness, ridicule, impatience and lack of respect for others are not acceptable behavior.  Demonstrations in support or opposition to a speaker or idea such as clapping, cheering, booing or hissing or intimidating body language are not permitted in Council Chambers or workshop facilities.

 

10.  We should all take initiative to make things better.  Our goal is to foster an environment, which encourages a fair discussion and exchange of ideas without fear of personal attacks.

 

Web Bug from http://rd.bcentral.com/op.aspx?ID=4269693&s=1518427 



  _____  

Click here to change or remove your subscription

Powered by Microsoft Small Business
From:	Buccino, Louis <louis.buccino@citigroup.com>
Sent:	Thursday, July 13, 2006 5:56 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	TOY, Orlando, July 13th


Governor, thank you for your kind remarks this morning; 
it was good to see you and we will miss you next year.

Our new Citibank Florida president, Carlos ("Carli") Davila, 
will be a good new friend and contact for you 
as you return to Miami, even if temporarily ...


Lou Buccino
Director External Affairs
Citigroup, Tampa
From:	ayesart11@aol.com
Sent:	Thursday, July 13, 2006 5:54 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	[*] Action Alert from John Browne Ayes

John Browne Ayes has sent you an important action alert - read below for more info, and take action at: http://www.thepetitionsite.com/takeaction/[REDACTED]

Hi Friends,



I have just read and signed the petition: "Hurricane Victimization at the hands of insurors"



Please take a moment to read about this important issue, and join me in signing the petition. It takes just 30 seconds, but can truly make a difference. Please sign here:



http://www.thepetitionsite.com/takeaction/[REDACTED]



Thanks!

------------------------------------
ThePetitionSite.com provides tools and empowers individuals to make a difference and effect positive change through online activism. Get connected with the causes you care about, take action to make the world a better place, and start your own petition at http://www.ThePetitionSite.com!

ThePetitionSite.com is powered by Care2.com, the largest online network for people who Care2 make a difference. With over 5 million members, we make it easy for you to live a healthy, sustainable lifestyle and protect the environment, human rights, education, women's rights, animal welfare, and much more... all in one place! Join our community at http://www.Care2.com
From:	keyser@yahoo.com
Sent:	Thursday, July 13, 2006 5:27 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Yahoo! News Story - Record California power demand possible soon - Yahoo! News


 (keyser@yahoo.com) has sent you a news article. 
(Email address has not been verified.)
------------------------------------------------------------
Personal message:

Are you Puerto Rican, because for some reason there is a marine that should be somewhere where reports say your brother is fighting along with him instead of answering your emails He wontbemised

MY voice is much more pleasant if I whisper in your ear as opposed to screaming on telephones like a marine. Dare you to come back, Uncle Bush.
Feel more like Tango. Not the saturday night live character. Tell Will Ferrell and Johnny Depp a belated hello. laugh. You are incredibly sexy though. The woman is very beautiful ina natural kind of way as well as are her children. Please come meet her, take her out for dinner. Yacht ride. Not interested in anything remotely JLO. Right now I like florida not california okay.

oh less would die if more prayed when asked to.

Record California power demand possible soon - Yahoo! News

http://news.yahoo.com/s/nm/20060713/us_nm/utilities_california_record_dc

============================================================
Yahoo! News 
http://news.yahoo.com/




From:	keyser@yahoo.com
Sent:	Thursday, July 13, 2006 5:24 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	[*] Yahoo! News Story - Record California power demand possible soon - Yahoo! News


 (keyser@yahoo.com) has sent you a news article. 
(Email address has not been verified.)
------------------------------------------------------------
Personal message:

MY voice is much more pleasant if I whisper in your ear as opposed to screaming on telephones like a marine. Dare you to come back, Uncle Bush.
Feel more like Tango. Not the saturday night live character. Tell Will Ferrell and Johnny Depp a belated hello. laugh. You are incredibly sexy though. The woman is very beautiful ina natural kind of way as well as are her children. Please come meet her, take her out for dinner. Yacht ride. Not interested in anything remotely JLO. Right now I like florida not california okay.

oh less would die if more prayed when asked to.

Record California power demand possible soon - Yahoo! News

http://news.yahoo.com/s/nm/20060713/us_nm/utilities_california_record_dc

============================================================
Yahoo! News 
http://news.yahoo.com/



From:	Lois Fries <loisfries@verizon.net>
Sent:	Thursday, July 13, 2006 5:08 PM
To:	JEANNE COLEMAN
Cc:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Re: LOCAL news

I thought he was the smart one!  He spelled vigilant wrong.

----- Original Message ----- 
From: JEANNE COLEMAN 
Sent: Thursday, July 13, 2006 5:01 PM
Subject: Fw: LOCAL news

See, I am so impressed with his office's reply regarding such an important issue!!  I say this with sarcasm!!  
----- Original Message ----- 
From: Governor Jeb Bush 
To: JEANNE COLEMAN 
Sent: Thursday, July 13, 2006 4:58 PM
Subject: RE: LOCAL news

Governor Bush has received your e-mail and has asked me to respond on his behalf.  
 
It is the responsibility of local law enforcement and vigilent citizens to curb this type of activity.
 
Thank you for writing and do not hesitate to write again on matters of concern or interest to you.
 
Sincerely,
 
Rex T. Newman
Citizens' Services

-----Original Message-----
From: JEANNE COLEMAN [mailto:jmcole8@msn.com]
Sent: Monday, July 03, 2006 12:48 AM
To: Governor Jeb Bush
Subject: Fw: LOCAL news


Something needs to be done about this!!   What can a citizen do???   I know that neighborhood watches are great starts; but this community did not seem to be aware.  
 


This is from sptimes.com and was in Sunday's paper.   


 


A house of human trafficking



The case of a Clearwater house that police say was a brothel has produced leads in targeting the No. 2 criminal industry.


By JACOB H. FRIES
Published July 2, 2006

  _____  


CLEARWATER - To look at the small tan house with orange trim and a scraggly tree in the front yard, one might never suspect it was a brothel.

But for several years up to 40 men a day slipped into the neighborhood unnoticed, many of them parking in a Sears lot across the street, police say.

They paid a doorman $25 and took a seat in the living room to wait their turn. On a television played pornographic videos while on the wall hung a calendar, the name of a different woman written across each week.

On the evening in May when police raided the house on Camellia Drive, officers found a 32-year-old woman named Mareielli, six customers and the doorman in charge, police say. They also discovered signs of something even more sinister.

"Human trafficking is alive and well in Clearwater," deputy police Chief Dewey Williams told the St. Petersburg Times recently. "We now know that for a fact."

The woman found at the house, detectives later learned, was not held against her will. But evidence and testimony from the doorman suggested that other prostitutes brought there had been lured from Mexico and forced into the sex industry, police say.

A clear signal, they say, is how the women were never seen outside and how the doorman, when he stepped out for a moment, always secured the door behind him.

This is not the first time Clearwater police think they have encountered a tentacle of human trafficking. In 2003, they shut down a prostitution operation at an apartment near Drew Street and U.S. 19 - similar to the one on Camellia Drive - but investigators couldn't tie it to a trafficking network.

Now, with leads produced from the most recent case, investigators have begun to watch another location in the city.

"It's here if we look for it," Williams said. "But it's going to take a dedicated effort to find it."

Clearwater police are trying to get some help. In April, the department, along with a victim services organization, submitted a federal grant application for $900,000 to create the Clearwater Area Task Force on Human Trafficking. With the funds, two full-time officers would be assigned to investigate human trafficking cases.

"Without the money, we will continue to struggle with the resources we have," Williams said.

* * *

Trafficking in people is not the same as smuggling them.

Human smugglers are typically paid to take people illegally across international borders, leaving them alone once they do so.

Traffickers, meanwhile, may transport people across borders, but they generate their profits through exploitation, coercing their victims into slavery, involuntary servitude or the commercial sex industry.

Each year, officials estimate, about 18,000 human trafficking victims are smuggled into the United States, with 2-million in the country at any time. After drug dealing, it is tied with illegal arms sales as the second largest criminal industry in the world, according to the Health and Human Services Department.

Florida ranks as the second most common destination for trafficking victims, behind California, with both states being home to large immigrant populations, says the Florida Coalition Against Human Trafficking.

But until recent years, Florida police and sheriff's deputies didn't give it much attention, officials say. Most agencies across the Tampa Bay area, from Pinellas to Hillsborough and Pasco counties, have now trained at least a few investigators how to spot signs of human trafficking.

"It's always been there, but like domestic violence was in 1970s, it has stayed in the shadows," said Shawn Ramsey, a detective at the Lee County Sheriff's Office. "As law enforcement, we've really been behind the curve on this."

The Lee County agency, however, created a specialized unit at the end of 2005 and then received the same federal grant that Clearwater police are now pursuing. Ramsey said detectives have now identified 15 brothels and helped to rescue seven women they believe to be victims.

"It's really too early to determine how widespread human trafficking is," Ramsey said.

Ramsey and others in law enforcement say investigating such cases present unique problems. The organizers are adept at blending into communities. They also intimidate their victims, threatening them or their families back home, and convincing them police are corrupt. The result is many victims hide themselves from officials and lie when discovered.

"The slave is not going to come to you," Ramsey said. "You have to find them."

To do that, officials need the public's help, he said. Authorities do not have enough resources to infiltrate all these networks without tips from residents living nearby.

* * *

Delivery driver Richard Wright, who has lived in the Skycrest neighborhood for six years, said he hadn't noticed anything strange until he saw squad cars surrounding 2095 Camellia Drive.

"I had no idea whatsoever," said Wright, 73, who had seen people often entering and leaving the home but didn't considered it unusual. "I really don't want to know."

The brothel had taken many precautions to avoid detection, in addition to having many customers park in the Sears lot, Clearwater police say. For example, the doorman, identified as 45-year-old Daniel Varela Rodriguez, regularly patrolled the neighborhood on foot or by bicycle, looking out for police, and changed his clothing each time. He also went to the office of the property owner, who was unaware of the brothel, to pay rent.

Rodriguez, who has been charged with deriving funds from prostitution, remains at the Pinellas County Jail in connection to his immigration status and could not be reached for comment. He does not face any charges of human trafficking, but police say he acknowledged knowing men who recruited women in Mexico, promising them jobs as nannies, only to force them to become prostitutes.

Once in Florida, the women, either freely or by coercion, would typically rotate each week among a network of brothels across the state, police say. This makes tracking the women difficult.

"These operations don't sit still," said Williams, the Clearwater deputy police chief. "They're here today and in Fort Myers tomorrow."

When officers raided the home on May 16, they found birth certificates, W-2 forms, receipts, bus tickets and other documents that detectives continue to sort through, police say. They also recovered a stash of playing cards that were distributed to customers when they paid and then left with the woman after sex.

The woman would return the cards, receiving a portion of the proceeds from the doorman, Williams said.

If Clearwater police and their partner nonprofit agency, World Relief, get the federal grant, half of the task force's money will be earmarked for rescued victims, he said. Without friends or family, the victims need temporary visas, housing and other support as the cases wind through the court system.

"It's horrible," Williams said. "These women are not only physically abused, but psychologically abused as well. They may be saved one day, but they may never be the same."

[Last modified July 2, 2006, 06:05:58]

From:	RUTH ACOSTA <tahina69de@yahoo.de>
Sent:	Thursday, July 13, 2006 4:40 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	LA CUALIDAD DE LA VIRGEN ES MUTANTE FISICAMENTE NO ESPIRITUALMENTE

LA BESTIA 666 de la tierra fernandez capricornio le entregando el poder a la bestia del mar MERKEL17 de julio krebs  ESTAMOS EN MEDIO DE LA GRAN TRIBULACION         APOCALIPSIS   13   18 etc etc



  _____  

NEU: Fragen stellen - Wissen, Meinungen und Erfahrungen teilen. Jetzt auf Yahoo! Clever.
From:	SMay1gator@aol.com
Sent:	Thursday, July 13, 2006 4:35 PM
To:	Jeff.Takacs@fldfs.com
Cc:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Re: Hurricane Mitigation Program - Question about its implementation

Thanks for a quick reply, even though it won't help me this time.  We probably will try to use the process for other areas that need attention.
 
Thanks, again.
Bruce May
From:	Raquel M Verdeguez- <facesofdestiny05@yahoo.com>
Sent:	Thursday, July 13, 2006 4:24 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	jeb

Dear Uncle Bush--
 
forgive the disrespect and the tantrums. See if YOU can keep  the nasty cult and their children out of my physiological and genetic and or makeup of any kind. See if you can keep them from turning me into my younger sister Jessica katherine Green who I am not. 
I dare you to come by yourself..again. I am uninterested in anyone in either New Mexico or named Taylor please give them someone new to play with or destroy as that is all they knew to do. Your disinterest and or boredom will be noted. 
 
Thanks for the help always. that is all. Keep whatever mexican trash washed your brothers feet and thought that would ever make up for anything she did to me or my family out of my life. And for the record they are the ones hurting your family not me.

  _____  

How low will we go? Check out Yahoo! Messenger’s low PC-to-Phone call rates.
From:	Raquel M Verdeguez- <facesofdestiny05@yahoo.com>
Sent:	Thursday, July 13, 2006 4:16 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	why

I am sorry there is a great comprehension problem. As several of my biological family members have tried kill me using military police as military devices. 
Why would anyone give ana mannamed cha allen tyalor cah that  both killed and attempted to kill for more of it and incluidng pouring acid on anythinghtat ledto my brain.  
 
 so onceagain do help  in more than anyway that you can. Thank you. Any and all family members that I ever cared about are dead or half dead. And because  someone orchesteratd a million deaths simeoutanously that doesnt make up for it..so have him orchestrate a suggestion for either Cuba or any woman that sat in a room and might as well have made popcorn while my younger sister had to perform fellatio on a middleaged man and was violated by at least 3 of the Knighthood or bold lion team. Is that a better reason for me to explain I AM NOT AFRAID OF YOUR FAMILY. LOVED THEM SERVED THEM BUT NOT AFRAID. SEE THAT THEY DONT FRAME ME USING HOLLYWOOD OR OTHERWISE.

  _____  

Talk is cheap. Use Yahoo! Messenger to make PC-to-Phone calls. Great rates starting at 1¢/min.
From:	Raquel M Verdeguez- <facesofdestiny05@yahoo.com>
Sent:	Thursday, July 13, 2006 4:06 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	see

Gee--I guess you are not my friend anymore?  Thatis toobad.  She is very beautiful  and her youngest daughter looks like part of your family. Deep aqua eyes alot like my adopted Dad George. 
 
I thought I was behaving...Come bless these children please. I will wear a costume so that my skin nor the intentional tanning doesnt bother the Knight brotherhood. My father never had to be impressive to anyone but me. If I called any of you worthy to even hold that title it was an honor. Not presumption nor disrespect. The children are always priority and always the ones that we should protect first and foremost..except when they are doing the killing. 
My thankyou to Jenna and sister. docome out inpeace this time and enjoy the sights thatdont include me.

  _____  

Yahoo! Music Unlimited - Access over 1 million songs. Try it free. 
From:	Raquel M Verdeguez- <facesofdestiny05@yahoo.com>
Sent:	Thursday, July 13, 2006 3:58 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	c

I want you to be President in a few years. By the way, I loved your Father best.He was always quite efficient. Though not in matters concerning Mary for deception and for extortion. Perhaps I will just settle for your house, then? Cuba..boom boom

  _____  

Talk is cheap. Use Yahoo! Messenger to make PC-to-Phone calls. Great rates starting at 1¢/min.
From:	Raquel M Verdeguez- <facesofdestiny05@yahoo.com>
Sent:	Thursday, July 13, 2006 3:51 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	inappropirate

Also I miss your brother and hiswife as well as your friendship . 
Forgive my frustrations. Both equally as hansome..equally as 
married...equally as irritated. laugh...Would love to dance with you...a little 
Flamenco maybe.  do I need to have money if I can call Mr. Trump and have him 
buy a building for me or come to Vancouver curtesy of his overlooking 
me in the past and give me the keys to both New York perhaps buy Cuba 
for me?
   
  Kiss Grandad and your mom. I love your family inspite of. I only like 
some of mine and noe that are still living.. Hve them fix itas 
soonaspoosible Mr. Bush  ninjas or not, Okay. mobsters are not nearly as 
dangerous as Assembly of God Preachers both from Texas and Florida.


  _____  

How low will we go? Check out Yahoo! Messenger’s low PC-to-Phone call rates.
From:	Vivian Casillas <vivian@mavelon.com>
Sent:	Thursday, July 13, 2006 3:50 PM
To:	lgiddens@fccj.edu
Cc:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Problem with receiving AA degree
Attachments:	FCCJ Requirements.jpg

Importance:	High

July 13, 2006

 

 

 

Dr. Steven Wallace, President

Florida Community College at Jacksonville

 

Dear Dr. Wallace, 

 

I started towards my AA degree in January 2001 and finished more than 60 credits and all required for an AA by December 2005. That is no more than 5 years. I have repeatedly asked to receive my degree, but no one knows why I haven't. I was once told that I need another class. I have checked and doubled checked the 2001 requirements for an AA and believe I have met all of them. 

 

I have tried to talk to your staff about this repeatedly but am told to call another person and am transferred, just to repeat the process. Today, I began with the Records Department downtown. She transferred me to Lilian at the English as a Second Language Department (I am a native English speaker!). She transferred me to Ashley with Kent Counseling, who then transferred me to Mary with Distance Learning (I have never been a distance learning student!). Mary told me to speak with the Records Department downtown (who I originally called!) and then she hung up on me. No one knew a thing about my AA or requirements! 

 

I attended all my classes in person while living in Jacksonville. I don’t intend to make a visit because your staff doesn’t know how to answer a simple question about graduation.

 

I am attaching the FCCJ Requirements Sheet that I received from my counselor in 2001 with the classes that I took. Since I met my requirements within 5 years, I expect to receive my degree immediately so that I can move on to university. Please respond to my letter. 

 

Sincerely,

 

 

 

Vivian Casillas 

 

(863) 397-9913

6610 Hereford Drive

Lakeland, FL 33810 

vivian@mavelon.com 

 

cc: Governor Jeb Bush 

From:	Raquel M Verdeguez- <facesofdestiny05@yahoo.com>
Sent:	Thursday, July 13, 2006 3:42 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	 requests

 Dear Govenor--
 
Once again--Please see if you can assist with the pesty  problem named margie  who shouldhave neer attemptedto   cause your borhers administration to suffer because she was poor and or lived in a trailer and had to have sex for hotel rooms or whateer happend.   She ranaournd with Taylor in and federalagents who understood that I as  the oenthey wre dealing with  and while I am a woman I have no time nor desire to  have to explainthat  their jealousies suited them then. I dont care now.  Please get them out of my lifeIf I am now ugly thank them. But get them out ofmy life thankyou.
 
By theway I have met your wfe or second wife. She is in her early twenties and has two very beautiful children
Not my aunt  Barbara Muyet Torres that also has two beautiful children. children that I used to watch her drag by their hair from day carecenters in brooklyn  and lock in closets and yetno one thoughto tever hide or take her children away) I dont want taylors voice or speech or friendship right now unless he can get rid of my enemies as he has been useless to me in the past.
Also in the future do insturct any Knigsociety  to keep their penises out of other mens face. It is bad form.
 
On another note I  would have loved you both evenif you were poor.

  _____  

Talk is cheap. Use Yahoo! Messenger to make PC-to-Phone calls. Great rates starting at 1¢/min.
From:	Mercy <maddrnhell@yahoo.com>
Sent:	Thursday, July 13, 2006 3:41 PM
To:	Caroll; Charlotte Stack; MyMick Charlotte Meyer; Sharon OGrady
Cc:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Revamped and updated version1.a Newsletter from the O crazy overmidicated one
Attachments:	2166201630-~$aron Mercedes E.1a.doc; [REDACTED]-sign.jpg; 2783442843-060411_rabbit_170.jpg; [REDACTED]-FroggyFlowers.gif

Sharon !! can for send this as orig to LEEisMC2@aol.com....? just another favor.He disowned me for a reason I want to know but he's a good dude and DR tooXXXX(send the newsletter but take my name off From or he'll blosk it....asssssho

  _____  

Do you Yahoo!?
Get on board. You're invited to try the new Yahoo! Mail Beta.
From:	Beth Headrick <qsspg@earthlink.net>
Sent:	Thursday, July 13, 2006 3:39 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush; Sen. Bill Nelson; Sen. Lisa Carlton; Grant, Michael
Subject:	INSURANCE CRISIS

                                                                       

Please find below a letter I sent to our local paper which pretty much says it all.  I strongly feel that this is not a local issue but a State wide issue and important enough to call a special legislative session to find a solution.  Waiting until March or until this current hurricane season is over is too long.  Everyone I have talked to says there is nothing that can be done.  I find that hard to believe.

 

I also Manage, Quality Self Storage in Punta Gorda and our facility site insurance 

more than doubled.  This additional cost after making the “Charlie” repairs is typical of many business people throughout Florida.  I’m finding many of my customers leaving the state.  It sure would help if we could get something positive on this matter.  Thank you for anything you and your office can do to improve this situation.  

 

Respectfully,

 

 

Beth Headrick

 

 

 

Letter to the Editor

 

Punta Gorda and surrounding areas have done a fantastic job of helping their selves since Hurricane Charlie but I think it is time that our Local, State and Federal Representatives and our hopeful candidates get involved with a serious problem affecting all of us who work, live and play here whether full time or part time.   The insurance companies are pulling out of Florida in vast numbers, especially for condominiums and manufactured homes.  From what I’ve been told the only insurance available in many cases is Citizens, which with their monthly rate increases, approved by our government, is making cost unobtainable for many.   I can’t understand how the continued building of Condos in the area are going to be sold when insurance is so difficult to get.  This is not an isolated issue but affects everyone.  If people can’t afford to live here, they will leave.  Many already have.  Our State legislators don’t meet again until March.  Perhaps if we all got serious about this we could cause them to meet in a special session to help us all with this serious problem.  Get involved and call, write or email your legislators.  It can’t hurt and it just might help!

 

Beth Headrick

The Retreat Condominiums of Burnt Store Isles

1315 Narranja St. – Punta Gorda, FL 33950

941-505-2222 office  - 941-505-8406 home

From:	BILLSCS1@aol.com
Sent:	Thursday, July 13, 2006 3:36 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Check out Northwest Florida Daily News: Test Wing Page

What Are We Doing About This ?
 
Click here: Northwest Florida Daily News: Test Wing Page 
From:	jlcmic@juno.com
Sent:	Thursday, July 13, 2006 3:09 PM
To:	mbennett@lake.fl.us.com
Cc:	desklinger@lake.fl.us.com; bfox@lake.fl.us.com; rgray@lake.fl.us.com; cludecke@lake.fl.us.com; dschreiner@lake.fl.us.com; Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Thank You


TO;  The Board of Adjustment

We are resident's of "Woodlands @ Church Lake" on Hwy. 27.  On June 9th
you wonderful people voted for all work to stop on the cement plant next
to us.   We were overjoyed with that decision.  As you know we are all
retired, some not to well and all that cement dust certaintly affects
lungs.

However our joy was short lived as they (Prestige) started working at
nights and kept on building.  It is getting very developed over there.

How and Why could this happen.  It would seem to us that Prestige totally
ignored the court system.

My point is we want to say Thank You again on your decision to stand by
us and hopefully this can all be straightened out. 


John & Marilyn Christopoulos

7/13/06
From:	SMay1gator@aol.com
Sent:	Thursday, July 13, 2006 3:12 PM
To:	cfo@fldfs.com
Cc:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Hurricane Mitigation Program - Question about its implementation

Thanks for the new hurricane damage mitigation program.  Was glad to see it passed and looked forward to having windows, gabled part of roof and garage doors looked at.  In the meantime, a week ago, my double garage door spring broke, making the garage unusable due to the weight of the door.  With a neighbor's help, was able lift the door to get my car out, but for all intents and purposes, it is unusable.  
 
Since I was planning to use this program to have both my double and the single car doors replaced with hurricane wind resistant/approved doors, I am having to go ahead this weekend to have the work done.  
 
When I inquired about the program and its provisions, I was distressed to learn that work done now cannot count toward or be reimbursed under the program.  
 
The effective date of work done under this program should become effective with the date that the legislation was approved and put into law.  The procedures development process should have nothing to do with the effective date of the law.  Isn't that the case?  What if it takes the procedure development/makers until January to get their act together?  We are in the midst of hurricane season NOW, and I am fortunate to find a garage door firm to do the work for me NOW.  As retirees, we need all the help we can get, with the rising costs of insurance, etc.
 
This implementation date oversight in the law must be addressed and corrected soonest.
 
Thank you.
 
Bruce May
3907 Butternut Ct.
Brandon, FL 33511-7961
(H) (813) 689-9373; (C) (813) 245-9672
From:	Coyjanbrown@wmconnect.com
Sent:	Thursday, July 13, 2006 3:10 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush; Grandnansbk@aol.com
Subject:	Reunion

Hi 
    I tried to contact several by phone, but had no luck. I just wanted to let someone know that we will not be attebding the reunion, due to Jan is to sick to travel. Hope all have a wonderful time. 
Love 
Max & Jan
From:	Tim O'Connor <tmoconnor@comcast.net>
Sent:	Thursday, July 13, 2006 3:15 PM
To:	Williams, Brenda R.
Cc:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	[*] Sandler Ranch

Brenda,
 
Mr. King, City of Venice Stormwater was kind enough to send me an electronic format of the 06/28/2006 investigation.  
 
This report is inconsistent with previous investigations that found pollution on the property.  In addition, we take two more exceptions to the report.  My interest is to follow the process and stay informed regarding Sandler Ranch.  The person responsible for your current investigation is Sarasota County Commissioner, Jon Thaxton
 
 

From: Jon Thaxton 

To: tmoconnor@comcast.net 

Sent: Monday, April 24, 2006 4:59 PM

Subject: Re: Sandler Ranch Issue

 

Tim:

Agreed, this is now my initiative.  I will encourage a state and local government joint investigation.

Jon

 

 

The second exception concerns people living on the premises.  While we are not watching the property for evidence of people living in the trailers it is known that this is occurring.  Please note Mr. Maloney's e-mail concerning his investigation regarding people living in the trailers and cattle grazing in the fields.

 

Date:	 Fri, 17 Mar 2006 11:44:31 -0500	
From:	 "Bruce Maloney" <BMALONEY@scgov.net>	
To:	 "Jon Thaxton" <jthaxton@scgov.net>	
CC:	 "Laura Ammeson" <LAMMESO.SCGPost3.SCGDOM1@scgov.net>, "Theresa Connor" <Tconnor.SCGPost3.SCGDOM1@scgov.net>, tmoc917@yahoo.com	
Subject:	 Sanndler Ranch RV, boat & vehicle storage area	

We inspected this entire site on 2/23/06.

There are approx. 100 cars, trucks, boats and RVs on the site. I spoke 
with the owner of the site and obtained permission to enter. I checked 
under and around each for discharges. There were no large problems. The 
site was mowed and well kept with no evidence of discharges to ditches.
 I found 3 small areas of grass with oil (each less than 6" square) 
under outboard engines, one open gas can with no spillage & one area with 
dead grass approx. 2' by 5' and a fuel odor on the grass but not into 
the soil. 
The owner was informed of each location and will clean up and notify 
the renters in those spots. She says they are not allowed to work on 
vehicles and will put language to that effect in her lease agreements. She 
stated that 2 people from a craft fair in Venice did stay overnight 1 
night a week ago but it is not allowed and there are no water, sewer or 
electric hook ups.
The fields do have cows grazing in them and she says she will put up 
with no discharges.

 We informed DEP, County Code Enforcement, City Of Venice and the 
caller of our findings. We originally thought half the site was in Sarasota 
County and the other half in the City Of Venice. I have found that the 
entire property has been annexed into the City Of Venice and is under 
their zoning. 
I called Roger Clark with The City Of Venice Zoning Dept. yesterday & 
today, left the info and have had no response. I will let you know when 
I here more.

Tim O'Connor


 

From:	James Kirkland <jameskirk@gdsys.net>
Sent:	Thursday, July 13, 2006 2:59 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Veterans needs a hospital!

Veterans in Northwest Florida not more political bull!	
			
From:	Joseph Daraio <joedotdar@hotmail.com>
Sent:	Thursday, July 13, 2006 3:09 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Disgust

Joseph Daraio
9523 Taormina St.
Lake Worth, FL 33467-6144


July 13, 2006

The Honorable Jeb Bush
Governor of Florida
The Capitol, 400 S. Monroe St.
Tallahassee, FL 32399-0001


 Governor Bush:

What do expect you are getting what you give.
READ BELOW:
ENERGY -- SENATE DEAL REACHED ON OFF-SHORE DRILLING EXPANSION: Yesterday, 
Sen. Barack Obama (D-IL) helped launch the Kick the Oil Habit Road Trip, a 
cross-country road trip in a flex-fuel vehicle to raise awareness about 
E85 fuel (85 percent ethanol, 15 percent gasoline) and the severe lack of 
E85 fueling stations around the country. (Come along for the ride.) The 
same day, Senate conservatives decided to feed America's oil addiction. A 
deal was announced "on legislation to expand offshore drilling that would 
open up vast tracts to exploration," CongressDaily reports. "The agreement 
would allow for drilling in 1.7 million acres in the eastern Gulf of 
Mexico" and "lift production bans in 6.3 million acres south of that 
area," covering "most federal waters outside of the Gulf of Mexico." Sen. 
Bill Nelson (D-FL) "may still try to filibuster the legislation," and Gov. 
Jeb Bush (R-FL) "has been especially adamant in opposition to efforts to 
increase offshore drilling." But the bill has bipartisan support, possibly 
enough to overcome a filibuster, despite the fact that it's a bad idea. 
Drilling close to the shore is an environmental hazard and even "a small 
spill could wreak havoc on the fragile coastline and beach areas of 
numerous states and jeopardize billions in tourism revenue." It's also not 
an efficient or necessary way to increase energy supplies. Currently, 
there are 328 trillion cubic feet of natural gas in offshore locations 
already available for drilling and the industry has only leased 10 percent 
of the area available. There are only 78 trillion cubic feet of natural 
gas available in the coastal areas that are currently off limits. While 
gimmicks like coastal drilling move forward, real long-term solutions -- 
including energy efficiency and the development of alternative fuels -- 
have been overlooked.


Sincerely,


Joseph Daraio
(561) 965-9178


From:	Sutphin, Glenn LTC (Ret) FL-ARNG <glenn.sutphin@us.army.mil>
Sent:	Thursday, July 13, 2006 2:40 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	RE: Rejoin U.S. Army

Sir,

Individual must work this issue through the Army Board of Corrections. There
is no way that we can assist him now that he has put in his first appeal. It
is all up to that board.

VR,
Glenn

-----Original Message-----
From: Governor Jeb Bush [mailto:Jeb.Bush@MyFlorida.com] 
Sent: Thursday, July 13, 2006 1:30 PM
To: Sutphin, Glenn LTC (Ret) FL-ARNG
Subject: FW: Rejoin U.S. Army



-----Original Message-----
From: Jose Maglio [mailto:jose_maglio@yahoo.com]
Sent: Thursday, July 13, 2006 12:17 PM
To: Governor Jeb Bush
Subject: Rejoin U.S. Army


PLEASE READ MY LETTER





__________________________________________________
Do You Yahoo!?
Tired of spam?  Yahoo! Mail has the best spam protection around 
http://mail.yahoo.com 
From:	JopaTexas11@wmconnect.com
Sent:	Thursday, July 13, 2006 2:08 PM
To:	President@WhiteHouse.gov; Governor Rick Perry; hutchison@senate.state.tx.gov; austin@texas.gov; Senator_Fitzgerald@fitzgerald.senate.gov; John.Davis@house.state.tx.us; peggy.hamric@house.state.tx.us; john.whitmire@senate.state.tx.us; Jeff.Wentworth@senate.state.tx.us; cac@oag.state.tx.us; kino.flores@house.state.tx.us; openhouse@cnn.com; Rodney.Ellis@senate.state.tx.us; ombudsman@cpa.state.tx.us; ROB.EDWARDS@senate.state.tx.us; hroden@mail.hcnonline.net; harold.dutton@house.state.tx.us; Rene.ramirez@senate.state.tx.us; Elva.escalon@senate.state.tx.us; kevin.eltife@senate.state.tx.us; bob.deuell@senate.state.tx.us; tod.staples@senate.state.tx.us; tommy.williams@senate.state.tx.us; steve.ogden@senate.state.tx.us; mario.gallegos@senate.state.tx.us; florence.shapiro@senate.state.tx.us; jon.lindsay@senate.state.tx.us; chris.harris@senate.state.tx.us; kim.brimer@senate.state.tx.us; mike.jackson@senate.state.tx.us; jane.nelson@senate.state.tx.us; gonzalo.barrientos@senate.state.tx.us; kyle.janek@senate.state.tx.us; kenneth.armbrister@senate.state.tx.us; juan.hinojosa@senate.state.tx.us; kip.averitt@senate.state.tx.us; royce.west@senate.state.tx.us; troy.fraser@senate.state.tx.us; leticia.vandeputte@senate.state.tx.us; leann.gallegos@senate.state.tx.us; robert.duncan@senate.state.tx.us; eliot.shapleigh@senate.state.tx.us; craig.estes@senate.state.tx.us; mckenzie@uic.edu; davidkahne@earthlink.net; eberlehq@bobbyeberle.com; gina@texasinsider.org; Governor Jeb Bush; harold.hyman@DBPR.state.fl.us; Michael.Cochran@dbpr.state.fl.us; Karl.Scheuerman@dbpr.state.fl.us; Blount.James@dbpr.state.fl.us; John.McBride@dbpr.state.fl.us; Andy.Edwards@dbpr.state.fl.us; John.Topa@dbpr.state.fl.us; Marstiller, Simone; jwaring@azleg.state.az.us; mcasey@azleg.gov; bmiranda@azleg.gov; Greg.Mocker@kpho.com; pgorman@azleg.gov; tedowning@earthlink.net; cgray@azleg.state.az.us; tverschoor@azleg.gov; cepowell@arizonasrs.org; efarnswo@azleg.state.az.us; jwaringg@azleg.state.az.us; btownsen@azleg.state.az.us; efarnsworth@azleg.gov; hmitchel@azleg.state.az.us; tcross@house.state.il.us; cdgray@azleg.state.az.us; dsmith@azleg.state.az.us; gpierce@azleg.state.az.us; jburges@azleg.state.az.us; maalvarez@azleg.state.az.us; tprezels@azleg.state.az.us; BillFrist@US.senate.tn.us; dateline@nbc.com
Subject:	HOA Flag Issue Going National

From the industry of the CAI 
June 18, 2006 
Posted by Joe West at 08:15 PM 


It must be an election year; 

Its that time again ---- time to roll out all of the legislation to cater to the emotions of the activist, advocates and special interest groups -- in other words an election year. 

Federal Congressman Bartlett (R-MD) expects to bring to the House floor the "Freedom to Display the Flag Act," a resolution that would bar condominium associations, cooperative associations homeowner associations, property owners associations or 
real estate management associations from creating restrictions on flagpoles to fit building or neighborhood standards. 

Here is the bill, originally introduced in 2005: 

109th CONGRESS 
1st Session 

H. R. 42 
To ensure that the right of an individual to display the flag of the United States on residential property not be abridged. 

IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 

January 4, 2005 

Mr. BARTLETT of Maryland introduced the following bill; which was referred to the Committee on Financial Services 
            ---------------------------------------------------------- 

A BILL 
To ensure that the right of an individual to display the flag of the United States on residential property not be abridged. 

Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 

SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 

This Act may be cited as the `Freedom to Display the American Flag, Act of 2005'. 

SEC. 2. DEFINITIONS. 

For purposes of this Act -- 

(1) the term `flag of the United States' has the meaning given the term `flag, standard, colors, or ensign' under section 3 of title 4, United States Code; 

(2) the terms `condominium association' and `cooperative association' 
have the meanings given such terms under section 604 of Public Law 96- 
399 (15 U.S.C. 3603); 

(3) the term `residential real estate management association' has the meaning of homeowner and property owner associations as given such term under section 528 of the Internal Revenue 
Code of 1986 (26 U.S.C. 528); and 

(4) the term `member'-- 

(A) as used with respect to a condominium association, means an owner of a condominium unit (as defined under section 604 of Public Law 96- 
399 (15 U.S.C. 3603) within such association; 

(B) as used with respect to a cooperative association, means a cooperative unit owners (as defined under section 604 of Public Law 96-399 (15 U.S.C. 3603) within such association; and 

(C) as used with respect to a residential real estate management association, means an owner of a residential property within a subdivision, development, or similar area subject to any policy or deed restriction adopted by such association. 

SEC. 3. RIGHT TO DISPLAY THE FLAG OF THE UNITED STATES. 

A condominium association, cooperative association, or residential real estate management association may not adopt or enforce any policy, or enter into any agreement, that would restrict or prevent a member of the association from displaying the flag of the United 
States on residential property within the association with respect to which such member has a separate ownership interest or a right to exclusive possession or use. 

SEC. 4. LIMITATIONS. 

Nothing in this Act shall be considered to permit any display or use that is inconsistent with-- 

(1) any provision of chapter 1 of title 4, United States Code, or any rule or custom pertaining to the proper display or use of the flag of the United States (as established pursuant to such chapter or any 
otherwise applicable provision of law); or 

(2) any reasonable restriction pertaining to the time, place, or manner of displaying the flag of the United States necessary to protect a substantial interest of the condominium association, cooperative association, or residential real estate management 
association. 

This last part is interesting, since no one will be able to agree on what is "reasonable" or what a "substantial interest" means. 
I see more litigation ahead. 

In California, the state Senate just passed SB 551, which created an ombudsman's office, and in order to reduce the trial load of civil courts, establishes a mechanism that allows owners to file complaints 
against associations (of course if they were serious about reducing the court cases, they would also handle enforcement issues, actions by the board 
against a homeowner and homeowner against board members, so reducing the trial load is not the real issue), 
allows for associations to be fined if they don't correct anything the new bureau tells them to (of course it doesn't mention that it will be the homeowners who will actually be paying the fines), and establishes a new 
level of bureaucracy that the associations will have to pay to support. 
It requires board members to sign a document that they've read all of the CC&R's, rules, and the statues of Non-Profit Davis-Sterling Act (or summary - its the 
state's Common Interest Development Act) and provides for education of board members. 

This one is going to be fun to watch. 
If it passes the House and is signed by the Governor, its going to take years and a lot of litigation to work out. 

Florida, Nevada and Arizona are also hotly in pursuit of Pro-Homeowner legislation designed to reign in those thousands of incompetent and abusive boards. 

Well, the problem is going to be solved fairly soon, when it becomes next-to-impossible to find 
anyone to run for a board of directors in these associations. 
I'm sure homeowners will prefer instead a court-appointed receiver telling them what to do. 
MailScanner has detected a possible fraud attempt from "www.communityassociations.net" claiming to be CAI.net 
Posted by joewest at 08:15 PM 











From:	Cary ortega <miamigirlrider@yahoo.com>
Sent:	Thursday, July 13, 2006 2:20 PM
To:	mitrelles@mdpd.com; Q300382@mdpd.com; sta08info@mdpd.com; sta04info@mdpd.com; Robaina, Julio; DennisMoss@miamidade.gov; olgav@miamidade.gov; District12@miamidade.gov; rconover@swfwmd.gov; JAMCCAL@miamidade.gov; acollins@jciinternational.com; Brooke.Lynch@djj.state.fl.us; jasmith@sfwmd.gov; GMarston@WRTdesign.com; Barbara@miamidade.gov; mtlane@bellsouth.net; mroy@mdpd.com; jjdiaz@mdpd.com; lwood@mdpd.com; ovigoa@mdpd.com; a_gonzalez@mdpd.com; RENED@miamidade.gov; lguerra@miamidade.gov; ferrers@miamidade.gov; executive@swfwmd.state.fl.us; rand.baldwin@swfwmd.state.fl.us; district9@miamidade.gov; District11@miamidade.gov; Commissioners@MyFWC.com; curt.kaloostin@myfwc.com; mark.hodges@myfwc.com; christian.rodirguez@myfwc.com; james.marvin@fwc.com; BuildingBetterCommunities@miamidade.gov; Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	ATV Crack downs

We have 4 more incidents to report. 
 

1.	Yesterday, while riding their atv's 2 more minors were ticketed for "NO DRIVERS LICENSE" by Miami Dade Police Department, agency 30. 
2.	This Monday this same agency stopped 2 minors; ages 12 and 15 while eating at Wendy’s while their goped were posted up against the wall. The officer stated that a citizen had seen them riding thru the sidewalk. The officers contacted the father and advised him that it was illegal to ride them in Miami-Dade County. Furthermore, the minors were instructed to push it back home. 
3.	Two Miami Dade Agriculture Officers (names being kept anonymous) pulled a group of minors over. After a firm warning from the officers of a possible arrest they were told to call family members to pick them and the atv's up from the location.
4.	On a worse scenario, a minor was arrested and his bike was impounded after getting scared and running at a high speed from the officers on Krome and Eureka location. 

What hobbies are we leaving these teens to practice during their summer break from school?
 
You may find yourself believing these kids are nothing more but “problem children” because who would do such a thing right? …… When in reality child in scenario #1 has a 3.98 GPA in one of our Elite Private Schools. Child in scenario #2 are both good family kids with no criminal history and a great academic history. IN OTHER WORDS, THESE CAN BE YOUR KIDS! 
 
Kids with summer time to waste and an exciting toy that was purchased legally in the County of Dade!
 
This is the main reason why a SAFE AND LEGAL temporary land needs to be designated until the Feasible Study is completed and land is dedicated to this sport.
 
I hope to see elected officials and law enforcement at the next OHV Advisory Committee Meeting being held August 4th, 2006 at the Palmetto Golf Course. 
 
The word is out! It's illegal to ride in Miami-Dade and Broward County and law enforcement is cracking down!
 
This community needs to unite and support the youth or unify as a group in effort to find a solution to this growing issue before a child is killed in our streets fleeing from the cops for a mere $89.50 ticket.
 
Thank you for your precious time,
 
Cary Hernandez
MiAmIgIrlRiDeR
www.atvmiaxtreme.com
786-222-6004

  _____  

Do you Yahoo!?
Everyone is raving about the all-new Yahoo! Mail Beta.
From:	Arnold Gunn <arnigunn@bellsouth.net>
Sent:	Thursday, July 13, 2006 1:44 PM
To:	President Bush; Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Fw: "I want my Country back"

Pass this on to Washington D. C.  Let them know how you & most of the people feel.
Arnie G
----- Original Message ----- 
 
To: Jeb Bush ; martinez@myflorida.com ; USAtty Gonzales ; George W Bush 
Sent: Thursday, July 13, 2006 12:14 PM
Subject: "I want my Country back"

 
Please pass this along.  Let's see if we can send it to everyone in the USA that has a computer.
 
"I WANT MY COUNTRY BACK!"- 
 
 
 
 
By Rick Roberts - 760 KFMB AM 
 
I don't mean to go off on a rant here, but here's the bottom line, I want my country back.
 
I want my kids to be able to walk to the store or walk to school without being abducted by some 3-time convicted child molester.  And the politically correct powers that be in this country just can't seem to get over themselves with "CAN'T WE JUST HELP THIS PERSON!" No!  You can't.  But they're let loose to prey on more children.  I want my kids back. 
 
I want my country back.
 
I don't agree with everything this President does.  I've never agreed with anything 100% that any President has done or said.
 
You know, I was very young during the Vietnam War.  So I probably missed that thing by a hair.    I don't know whether I would have agreed with that or not at the time.  I was too stupid to have an opinion at that point and time even though I thought I did.
 
I want my country back.
 
I want some semblance of respect for authority, whether I agree with it all or not.
 
I want the Boy Scouts to be "boy" scouts, not boy and "we think she's a girl" scouts.  I want Girl Scouts to be "girl" scouts not Girl Scouts and "Bruce."
 
I want my country back.
 
I want to be able to wake up in the morning knowing that I can walk outside without some gang-banger on parole taking my life. 
 
Or being able to go down and purchase a car without having to worry about you know 90% of the parts being made overseas in some sweatshop.
 
I want my politicians, when they finally do get my vote, to do what they said they were going to do in the first place.
 
I want the Abramoff's of the world to be labeled what they....nothing more than organized crime in a better suit.
 
I want people to say something and when they say something look at me in the eye.  And mean what they say.    Not say what they think I want to hear.
And then do what they want to later politically or any other way.
 
I want to be able to go out and work and make a decent wage and buy a home.  Half the people that are listening to me right now can't even afford to buy a house unless they're working three jobs.
 
And I want America to be America.    All of those opportunities, all of those things that made her great, I want those returned to the forefront.   If you want to come to this country we welcome you with open arms.   We simply ask that you abide by our laws.  I don't want you to snub your nose at our laws,  then take advantage of our opportunities, and then cling to the constitution most of which you can't even read because you don't speak the language.
 
I want us to secure our borders because the country is worth securing.  The people that live here are worth protecting.
 
I want my country back. 
 
I want my children back.   I want some semblance of what this country used to be.
 
It's worth protecting.   It's worth defending.   I don't recognize this country anymore.
 
Not politically,  not philosophically,  not spiritually.
 
Whether you like it or whether you don't,  God was a part of building this great nation.  To remove him is to take away the very foundation of what this country was all about.
 
I don't care about your political correctness!
 
I don't want to know your sexual preference!
 
I could care less about all of that.  Stop making it the headline of the day! 
 
That's not America.
 
I want my country back!
 
And the only way I'm ever going to be able to get this country back is if I reach out to the brothers and the sisters that all feel the same way and we say   " No!  You can't have our country.   It's not for sale!"
Take the price tag off this country!
 
Take the price tag off the heads of our children!  Stop it already! 
 
The politically-correct-psychobabble-hug-a-tree-experts ~~ You are not qualified to release sex offenders back into our neighborhoods.
 
The southern border,  more than any other border, needs to be secured tomorrow.   For all those that wish to come to this country to take advantage of her opportunity,  to live under a constitution~ a living document that breathes in and out just like you do. This country is not for sale.  I should know.  I'm one of the owners.  You can't sell it without my permission. 
 
I want my country back!

  _____  

No virus found in this incoming message.
Checked by AVG Free Edition.
Version: 7.1.394 / Virus Database: 268.10.0/388 - Release Date: 7/13/06

From:	gary maccalla <fw4u5y@yahoo.com>
Sent:	Thursday, July 13, 2006 1:43 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Cc:	fw4u5y@yahoo.com
Subject:	[*] .

HELLO
 
I READ THE NEWSPAPER. I FEEL SAD FOR JESSICA'S LUNSDON GIRL WHO IS NINE YEARS DIED FROM JOHN COUEY KILLED HER IN A FEW YEARS SINCE HE ENTER THE TRAIL TIME. I KNOW THAT STATE OF FLORIDA HAS A LAW FOR PENTALLY CHAIR ELECTRIC. I WISH THEY HAVE A LAW FOR BURN THE BODY SPECIAL NOT FIRE ON THE BODY  BUT PUT IN SOME POWDER ACID ON THE SKIN COVER THE LEGS ONLY THEN THEY WILL YELL AND LEAD TO DIE BY PENTALLY BURN. JOHN COUEY SET UP THE GIRL LIVE WHEN FIRE ON HER.
 
HE IS FEELING LAUGH HIMSELF IN NEWSPAPER SHOW WHAT HE DOES.HE THINK THEY CARE OF HIM IN JAIL AND TRAIL TIME BUT HE WILL NOT LAUGH WHEN THEY WILL SEND HIM PENTALLY FOR BURN SET UP HE WILL LIVE WITH POWDER CHEMCIAL BURN OR POWDER ACID ON TWO LEGS WILL SEND TO BRAIN DEAD WHEN STRONG PAIN BY SKIN BURN TO BRAIN WILL TELL LIVE TO DEAD HE WILL STAY IN THE BAG THEY WILL NOT SEE HIM TO SET UP THE POWDER ACID OR POWDER BURN CHEMICAL
 
I LOVE HER SO SWEET KID SHE DIED SHE IS BIG PAIN WHEN SET UP ON HER BURING HIS FATHER WENT TO SEE WITH HER GIRLFRIEND HE DOESNT EXCEPT JOHN PLANNED TO KILL HER BECAUSE OF HIS LIFE SO PROBLEM SINCE JESSICA'S HER FATHER HAS NO PROBLEM WITH LIFE RECORD
 
 

  _____  

Want to be your own boss? Learn how on Yahoo! Small Business. 
From:	rvc2001@bellsouth.net
Sent:	Thursday, July 13, 2006 2:07 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Jessica Lunsford

Gov. Bush:
 
We refuse to believe that John Couey, the butcher of Jessica Lunsford, is going to walk out free! Please do not let us down for the second time. We DO NOT want to hear some legal excuses. Do something about it now.
 
 
Bob Caldwell
Lifetime Republicans
No. Miami, FL
From:	VIDAGOAL@aol.com
Sent:	Thursday, July 13, 2006 2:03 PM
To:	benjaminalers@yahoo.com; rclark40@tampabay.rr.com; Fasano, Mike; Governor Jeb Bush; letters@sptimes.com; senator@billnelson.senate.gov
Subject:	Fwd: FW: Tax Payment
Attachments:	FW: Tax Payment

IS THIS THE WAY TAXPAYERS MONEY IS SPENT? IF THIS IS SO, THEN WE NEED TO CRACK DOWN ON THE WAY OUR MONEY IS SPENT. WHAT ELSE CAN WE EXPECT TO READ ABOUT?
From:	Burnside, Penny <PennyBurnside@fpc.state.fl.us>
Sent:	Thursday, July 13, 2006 1:36 PM
To:	LynnJimbo@aol.com
Cc:	Governor Jeb Bush; COR (E-mail); Burnside, Penny
Subject:	RE: (no subject)

Ms. Skinner, 

I will make sure that this letter is in your sister’s file for review and consideration by the Parole Commission at the July 19, 2006 hearing. 

 

Respectfully, 

 

Penny Burnside

Office of Chairman David

 

  _____  

From: Governor Jeb Bush [mailto:Jeb.Bush@MyFlorida.com] 
Sent: Wednesday, July 12, 2006 8:34 AM
To: COR (E-mail); Burnside, Penny
Subject: FW: (no subject)

 

 

-----Original Message-----
From: LynnJimbo@aol.com [mailto:LynnJimbo@aol.com]
Sent: Tuesday, July 11, 2006 10:09 PM
To: Governor Jeb Bush
Subject: (no subject)

MR. BUSH,

  I AM WRITING ON BEHALF OF MY SISTER DOREEN PETRIDES. SHE IS IN GADSEN CORRECTIONAL FACILITY. HER DC.# IS 666455 YOU WILL BE ABLE TO PULL UP INFORMATION WITH THAT #. I'M SURE YOU KNOW THIS. WHY I'M WRITING YOU IS BECAUSE SHE WAS ARRESTED 13 YEARS AGO FOR FRAUD WORTH LESS CHECKS. SHE DID MORE THAN A YEAR AND WAS PUT ON PROBATION FOR 2 YEARS. WELL I'M NOT SURE WHEN SHE LEFT BUT SHE LEFT FLORIDA. SHE HAS BEEN CLEAN FOR MORE THAN 13 YEARS.THEY BROUGHT HER BACK HERE 2 MONTHS AGO FROM NEW YORKAND STILL TO THIS DAY IS NOT LETTING ANY ONE KNOW WHAT'S GOING ON WITH HER. I DO CALL ERICA DAVIS WEEKLY TO SEE IF THERE IS ANY CHANGE. SHE IS SURRPOSE TO BE REVIEWED BY THE PAROLE BOARD ON THE 19TH OF THIS MONTH JULY ON WEATHER THEY ARE GOING TO MAKE HER DO THE 2 YEARS OR LET HER GO. PLEASE SIR IF YOU CAN MAKE SOME TIME TO SEE IF YOU CAN LOOK INTO THIS MATTER, YOU SEE SIR I'M HER SISTER AND I HAVE LIVED IN THE STATE OF FLORIDA MOST OF MY LIFE. I AM A TAX PAYER AS WELL AS MY HUSBAND HAVING A BUSSNESS IN DAYTONA  BEACH. WE HER FAMILY FEEL SHE HAS PAYED HER DUES.

ANOTHER THING SHE HAS BEEN HURT IN THE FACITITY WHERE SHE IS AT RIGHT NOW. THEY TOOK HER FOR STICHES IN HER KNEE BECAUSE OF FALLING ON A ROCK IN THE RECK AREA. PLEASE SIR MY SISTER HAS BEEN THRU SO MUCH, I WOULD JUST LIKE A FEW QUESTIONS ANSWERED AND NOT BE PUSH TO THE NEXT PERSON AND SO ON. SHE ALSO HAS A HEART CONDITION. IF THERE IS ANY TIME YOU COULD TAKE TO LOOK INTO THIS MATTER. PLEASE E-MAIL ME OR PHONE 386-756-9707 THANK YOU DIANA SKINNER.

From:	Fred Galas <fred_r_galas@hotmail.com>
Sent:	Thursday, July 13, 2006 1:35 PM
To:	mikebaker@LWDD.net; Governor Jeb Bush
Cc:	HHSTips@oig.hhs.gov; WNEWELL@co.palm-beach.fl.us; will_vash@pbpost.com; taylorj@ci.boynton-beach.fl.us; ESifuentes@sun-sentinel.com; jryzenberg@wsvn.com; price_patton@pbpost.com; newsdesk@wsvn.com; cmetzger@sun-sentinel.com; mccraym@ci.boynton-beach.fl.us; lfrankel@wpb.org; enslerb@ci.boynton-beach.fl.us; bressnerk@ci.boynton-beach.fl.us
Subject:	[*] Glass Houses
Attachments:	Winters.doc

Mr. Baker,

Please send someone out to re-fertilize and seed the land the Lake Worth 
Drainage District recently excavated. We water the ground daily... but the 
grass will not grow, which results in soil erosion. Also.... please have 
someone trim the weeds along the banks. We previously received a citation 
from Boynton Beach Code Enforcement because our lawn was a little tall while 
we were away for a month, but the LWDD negligently refuses to maintain their 
land. In some neighboring areas along the bank, the weeds have gotten to be 
5- 6 feet high.

Furthermore, the weeds in the canal have gotten so thick the water has 
become stagnant. This results in a drastic increase in the mosquito 
population, and increases the odds of a West Nile Virus outbreak.

Additionally please advise why all the un-permitted boat docks and docks 
with roofs still remain on the canal. As you know, Bill Winters the 
Scoundrel….. vindictively requested that we remove our dock's roof even 
though he personally granted permission years earlier. Winters was denied 
his request at a LWDD hearing.... but coincidentally.....vandals removed it 
shortly after.

Winters dodged a bullet when I filed an extensive complaint against him and 
his cronies Kurt Bressner, Matt Immler, Scott Blaise and Don Johnson from 
Boynton's City Government. The Florida Commission on Ethics obviously caters 
to the "Good Ol Boys" network. (see attached)

Many of these docks were not permitted from both the LWDD and the Boynton 
Beach Building Dept, yet they are allowed to remain in their shabby 
condition. These docks do not abide by the Florida Building Codes, and 
should have been removed years ago when they were discovered.

Sadly, it appears that harassing senior citizens with a legal boat dock 
takes on more importance than boat docks that lack any permits. Some of 
these docks present an obvious Danger to Public Safety.

Regards,
Fred Galas
1144 SW 24th Ave
Boynton Beach, FL
33426

_________________________________________________________________
Express yourself instantly with MSN Messenger! Download today - it's FREE! 
http://messenger.msn.click-url.com/go/onm00200471ave/direct/01/
From:	JungleRed1@aol.com
Sent:	Thursday, July 13, 2006 12:50 PM
To:	thisweek@abcnews.com; AirAmericaRadio@AirAmericaRadio-lists.com; am@cnn.com; AmericanMorning@turner.com; beta@usatoday.com; capitalgang@cnn.com; jbarron@suntimes.com; letters@suntimes.com; metro@suntimes.com; jcruickshank@suntimes.com; ctc-TribLetter@Tribune.com; 360@turner.com; 360@cnn.com; CapitalGang@turner.com; caffertyfile@cnn.com; loudobbs@cnn.com; newsnight@cnn.com; Weekends@cnn.com; Wolf.Blitzer2@turner.com; crossfire@cnn.com; editorialpage@dallasnews.com; dateline@nbc.com; DatelineViewerMail@nbc.com; Beltway@foxnews.com; cavuto@foxnews.com; colmes@foxnews.com; Comments@foxnews.com; dayside@foxnews.com; FNS@foxnews.com; forbes@foxnews.com; Foxreport@foxnews.com; friends@foxnews.com; Atlarge@foxnews.com; hannity@foxnews.com; Heartland@foxnews.com; foxmagazine@foxnews.com; Myword@foxnews.com; Newswatch@foxnews.com; ontherecord@foxnews.com; oreilly@foxnews.com; speakout@foxnews.com; Special@foxnews.com; Studiob@foxnews.com; Viewerservices@foxnews.com; warstories@foxnews.com; hardball@msnbc.com; info@freepress.net; letters@latimes.com; national@latimes.com; latest@daily.misleader.org; letters@newsday.com; list@freepress.net; Livetoday@cnn.com; loudobbstonight@turner.com; mtp@nbc.com; msnbcinvestigates@msnbc.com; viewerservices@msnbc.com; Nightly@nbc.com; NDLIMail01/Svr/Newsday/TMC@newsday.com; netaudr@abc.com; ndstaff@newsday.com; Nightline@abc.com; storyideas1@npr.org; Voicers@edit.nydailynews.com; nynews@ibsys.com; letters@nypost.com; executive-editor@nytimes.com; foreign@nytimes.com; letters@nytimes.com; managing-editor@nytimes.com; national@nytimes.com; nytnews@nytimes.com; oped@nytimes.com; washington@nytimes.com; premiumhelp@salon.com; newsletters@salon.com; Salon_Premium@mail.vresp.com; support@abcnews.go.com; Today@NBC.com; TodayShowViewerMail@nbc.com; tstraube@hx.com; editor@usatoday.com; wsj.ltrs@wsj.com; letter@washpost.com; letters@washpost.com; letter@washtimes.com; emailnews@wnbc.com; AWeinst957@aol.com
Cc:	action@hillaryclinton.com; action@tedkennedy.com; alerts@verifiedvoting.org; arlen_specter@specter.senate.gov; info@billionairesforbush.com; bluesman@sohoblues.com; campaign@billnelsonforsenate.com; campaign@lampson.com; cbell@chrisbell.com; contributions@actblue.com; contributions@hillaryclinton.com; crice@newdem.org; quinn@council.nyc.ny.us; democracybonds@democrats.org; democracyforamerica@democracyforamerica.com; dccc@dccc.org; democraticparty@democrats.org; dncmemberservices_1@dnc.org; dncmemberservices_3@dnc.org; ecfs@fcc.gov; enewsletter@clintonfoundation.org; FCCInfo@fcc.gov; Hackett@hackettforohio.com; HastertReply@mail.house.gov; Senator_Clinton@clinton.senate.gov; info@dccc.org; info@democracyforamerica.com; info@friendsofhillary.com; info@hillaryclinton.com; info@iraqforsale.org; info@jerrynadler.com; info@kicktheoilhabit.org; info@murphy06.com; info@pcactionfund.org; info@theonecampaign.org; issues@dscc.org; Jerrold.Nadler@congressnewsletter.com; jerry.nadler@mail.house.gov; jerry@jerrynadler.com; JerryWeb.Ny08@housemail.house.gov; jesse@dccc.org; jgarcia@newdem.org; joe@joehoeffelandfriends.com; info@johnkerry.com; john.conyers@johnconyers.com; kfalk@newdem.org; mailinglist@michaelmoore.com; maillist@michaelmoore.com; mcardona@newdem.org; membership@dccc.org; mike@michaelmoore.com; CustomerService@MoveOn.org; moveon-help@list.moveon.org; info@newdem.org; info@optruth.org; OpTruth@democracyinaction.org; info@ourfuture.org; manager@ourfuture.org; president@whitehouse.gov; ProgressiveNet@involve.progressivemajority.org; Senator_Frist@frist.senate.gov; senatorlott@lott.senate.gov; simonrosenberg@ndn.org; info@startchange.org; steve.rosenthal@act4victory.org; support@campaignoffice.com; duane@senate.state.ny.us; TortureIsNotUS@americanprogressaction.org; vice.president@whitehouse.gov; info@vidvote.com; webadmin@dccc.org; webmaster@democrats.org; Alexander, JD; argenziano.nancy.web@flsenate.gov; Aronberg, Dave; Atwater, Jeff; Baker, Carey; Bennett, Michael (LEG); Bullard, Larcenia; Campbell, Walter; Carlton, Lisa; clary.charlie.web@flsenate.gov; Constantine, Lee; Crist, Victor; Dawson, Mandy; dockery.paula.web@flsenate.gov; Fasano, Mike; Garcia, Rudy; Geller, Steven; haridopolos.mike.web@flsenate.gov; hill.anthony.web@flsenate.gov; Governor Jeb Bush; jones.dennis.web@flsenate.gov; king.james.web@flsenate.gov; klein.ron.web@flsenate.gov; Lawson, Alfred; lee.tom.web@flsenate.gov; Lynn, Evelyn; Margolis, Gwen; Miller, Lesley; Peaden, Durell; Diaz de la Portilla, Alex; POSEY.BILL.S24@flsenate.gov; Posey, Bill; pruitt.ken.web@flsenate.gov; Rich, Nan; Saunders, Burt; Sebesta, Jim; Siplin, Gary; Smith, Rod; villalobos.alex.web@flsenate.gov; Wilson, Frederica; Wise, Steve
Subject:	World War III has begun

World War III has begun.  Well it actually began for us, with the attacks on September 11, 2001 and in how an unintelligent, inept and power-hungry coward reacted to those events.

 

Almost everything that is going disastrously wrong in the world today:  Iraq in full civil war, nuclear capable North Korea firing long range missiles, Afghanistan’s return to a fully armed Taliban, Iran vigorously pursuing nukes, Syria & Iran just as vigorously supporting Hezbollah’s and Hamas’ terrorist tactics of kidnappings and blackmailing Israel into an obviously fruitless submission and Israel responding by bombing Gaza’s infrastructure and Lebanese airports and supply routes – all this can be directly attributed to the lack of even the most basic leadership from a man who after 9/11 had the worlds sympathy and allegiance in his hands, yet instead of comforting and guiding them (or hunting down and eliminating Bin Laden completely) –instead received a “my way or the highway” brain-dead, simplistic mentality of decision making and a lashing out at what was obviously the weakest link in litany of threats against our county (Iraq), in a pathetic thump your chest, “I’m an American damn it, so go fuck yourselves” attitude – inevitably spitting the worlds adoration (and its “were all Americans” attitudes) back in its shocked face.

 

There is no turning back from the incompetence and blatant stupidity of this coward of man we call a President.  The diplomacy he scoffed at when taking office simply because it began with a Clinton – Israel on the brink of peace with the Palestinians, a treaty on the table with North Korea, Russia on the brink of a stable democracy (instead of the thuggery now ruling it people) and Iranian youth on the verge of overthrowing their hateful and barbaric Mullah-Islamist rulers – are all now dust in the wind. 

 

September 11, 2001 was not the abortion of an Al Qaeda threat still in its embryonic infancy, but the premature, induced birth of a cause (and a World War) on all of civilization.  A “C” student at a my-parents-got-me-into-this-elitist-school-I-never-want-to-attend-in-the-first-place is a failing student of life, liberty and the basic ability to play well with others.

 

God help us all.

 

Joshua Epstein

364 West 18th Street (6A)

New York, New York 10011

917-345-6326

 

From:	Ceratitis3@aol.com
Sent:	Thursday, July 13, 2006 12:52 PM
To:	Vicki.Eddy@fldoe.org
Cc:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Re: regarding your e-mail message to Governor Bush

Vicki
 
I have found the letter that I received about Brandon and it says something about e-mailing my response to johnsony@.stlucie.k-12.fl.us  in regard to the options for Brandon for next school year ... which I will do before July 24th 2006. 
 
Brandon's IEP also said something too about problems with his short term memory.
 
I have been under some stress .. with everything else that has been going on this summer with Darcia Bronson, Brandon's sister .. and I plan on a seperate e mail to the Governor's office in regard to the new DCF case that is open this summer before Darcia flew down to Florida for the summer.   As she was making allegations against her brother that are not true and I know that this has had an impact on Brandon's emotional health and his behavior .. 
 
I had to have Michael May come get Brandon for awhile because of the normal sibling rivarily going on to give them two a break from one another for a week here and there.
 
 
Sincerely 
Regina Wade
From:	Doug & Tatyana <dlittlet@yahoo.com>
Sent:	Thursday, July 13, 2006 12:52 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Cc:	Baker, Carey; Gibson, Hugh
Subject:	The Lunsford Case

I just heard that this judge in Tavares has stopped the trial of couey because of . . .
 
If you can, I strongly urge you to move the trial to Pensacolo.  It is far enough away that a impartial jury could be assembled.
 
d.a. littleton
leesburg, fl

  _____  

Do you Yahoo!?
Everyone is raving about the all-new Yahoo! Mail Beta.
From:	michaelsfl5@aol.com
Sent:	Thursday, July 13, 2006 12:42 PM
To:	OFR@fldfs.com
Cc:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Re: Florida Market Assistance Plan - Request Status

Will they provide with a shotgun so I can blow my head off? Because that's what it is coming to with Florida Homeowner's Insurance.  Bogus, Bogus, Bogus, Bogus---just keep on raping our wallets & more & more of us will need shot guns straight to our mouths! Will you pull the trigger?? Of course you will!  Susan Massaconi, Sarasota, FL 34237 
 
 
-----Original Message-----
From: OFR@fldfs.com
To: michaelsFL5@aol.com; Sharron.Daniel@fldfs.com
Cc: John.Venable@fldfs.com
Sent: Thu, 13 Jul 2006 8:10 AM
Subject: RE: Florida Market Assistance Plan - Request Status


You need assistance from the Florida, Office of Insurance Regulation 850-413-3101
www.floir.com
By copy hereof, your inquiry has been forwarded to the Bureau of Consumer Services.  
Toll-free within Florida:  (800) 342-2762
 
Sent by: OFR@fldfs.com
Florida, Office of Financial Regulation
7/13/2006 8:10 AM
 
Sent: Wednesday, July 12, 2006 6:52 PM
To: help@fmap.org; campaign@electharris.org; carl.callahan@cityofbradenton.com; carlton.lisa.web@flsenate.gov; lee.tom.web@flsenate.gov; cff@mail.democracyinaction.org; activist.thepen@gmail.com; activist@democrats.com; K.Fodor@comcast.net; kenmehlman@gop.com; admin@consumerwatchdog.org; adoglover55@hotmail.com; charles.miville@verizon.net; carol003@tampabay.rr.com
Cc: Governor's Office; abc.news.magazines@abc.com; abramsreport@msnbc.com; objoyful@tampabay.rr.com; barbaracjohnson@worldnet.att.net; mike@michaelmoore.com; momsrising@momsrising-lists.com; kzeese@democracyrising.us; dccc@dccc.org; deanopp@gmail.com; dkaiser@insurancejournal.com; Donna.Clarke@myfloridahouse.gov; bennett.mike.web@flsenate.gov; nancy2451@peoplepc.com; nightly@nbc.com; norville@msnbc.com; Ombudsman@fdic.gov; OFR; pegleg1013@yahoo.com; pkngngopnimegnxe@AirAmericaRadio-lists.com
Subject: Re: Florida Market Assistance Plan - Request Status
 
DO YOU GET IT THAT WE CANNOT AFFORD HOMEOWNER'S INSURANCE AT $3000 A YEAR. WHAT GOOD IS YOUR ORGANIZATION WHEN YOU MAKE IT IMPOSSIBLE TO GET INSURANCE? APPLY AGAIN? AND AGAIN? AND AGAIN? AND AGAIN? AND AGAIN? AND AGAIN?  GIVE THE LITTLE PEOPLE A BREAK. STOP RAPING OUR WALLETS! DO YOU THINK THAT AFTER WORKING 10 HRS A DAY I CAN SIT AROUND APPLYING AND APPLYING AND APPLYING.  LET'S FACE IT.  THE STATE OF FLORIDA WANTS THE RICH ONLY IN THEIR STATE. WE GET IT; WE'RE NOT STUPID! JUST THE WORKING POOR!  SUSAN MASSACONI
  _____  

MailScanner has detected a possible fraud attempt from "pr.atwola.com" claiming to be Check out AOL.com today. Breaking news, video search, pictures, email and IM. All on demand. Always Free.

From:	TUCKER, EMMIELOU (CONTRACTOR) <EMMIELOU.TUCKER@DFAS.MIL>
Sent:	Thursday, July 13, 2006 12:34 PM
To:	corphelp@dos.state.fl.us
Cc:	Governor Jeb Bush; greg.evers@myflorida.com
Subject:	Telephone Service

Apparently you have no real live people working there any longer.  I have just spent 10 minutes trying to get "an examiner" to answer the phone, per your voice mail instructions.  No one answers after 25 rings at either 850-245-6050 or 850-245-6052 or 850-245-6059.  This is totally unacceptable for tax payer service.  All I needed was instructions for reaching your physical location and since the web site is a little vague- the only physical location being labeled "Courier Service" I wanted confirmation that the 2662 Executive Center Circle address was correct.

My husband is traveling from Pensacola to Tallahassee and it will not be pleasant if that is the wrong location. 

Emmie Lou 

From:	Savage <savclaims@mindspring.com>
Sent:	Monday, May 15, 2006 5:49 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	soc.sec

Why can't we open up domestic oil drilling with the understanding that 30% of the money  per barrel goes toward the social security fund ,and that way all americans can recieve a benifit from our natural resources and cut our dependency on forign oil.not to mention the bonus of the funding of social security.
From:	ross greybill <ross2vegas@peoplepc.com>
Sent:	Thursday, July 13, 2006 12:10 PM
To:	APP
Cc:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Fw: Emailing: THIS JUST AINT RIGHT..
Attachments:	FThon_WoodyMorningMO-vi.jpg

 
----- Original Message ----- 
From: ross greybill 
To: ross greybill 
Cc: in 
Sent: Thursday, July 13, 2006 10:54 AM
Subject: Emailing: THIS JUST AINT RIGHT..

HOW CAN OUR MEDIA NOT COVER THIS??AND OUR GOVERMNET TURN A "BLIND EYE TO THIS"??
Free Republic
Home · Browse · Search 	Pings · Mail 	News/Activism
Topics · Post Article 	
  _____  


Skip to comments. 

2006 Q3 FReepathon. Target: $68,000	 Receipts & Pledges to-date: $58,083	
85%	  	
Woo hoo!! Less than 15 percent to go!! Thank you all very much!!	

Hate Mail, Threats Probed in Maywood
LA Times ^ | July 13, 2006 | Hector Becerra and Richard Winton


Posted on 07/13/2006 8:12:12 AM PDT by LNewman


Deputy clerk has been linked to an alleged plot to kill a councilman in the 'sanctuary city' for illegal immigrants. 

After the city of Maywood made national headlines earlier this year for its embrace of illegal immigrants, Councilman Felipe Aguirre and Mayor Thomas Martin began receiving threats in the mail. 

Now, the Los Angeles County district attorney's office and Maywood police are investigating whether the town's deputy city clerk not only sent some of the hate mail but also tried to have Aguirre killed. 

Hector Duarte, 29, was arrested last week by Maywood police officers on suspicion of soliciting to commit murder, ... 

... 

As soon as he got into office, Aguirre and the council majority enacted policies that benefited illegal immigrants. 

The city eliminated the Maywood Police Department's Traffic Division after complaints that officers unfairly targeted illegal immigrants. Then the city made it much more difficult for police to tow cars whose owners didn't have driver's licenses, a practice that had affected mostly undocumented people who could not obtain licenses. 

In January, the City Council passed a resolution opposing a proposed federal law that would criminalize illegal immigration and make local police enforce immigration law. 

... 

"There's been a lot of bad blood," said Peña, a political rival of Aguirre. "They talk about a city of no laws and order, and I think Maywood is becoming that. When you let go of the Traffic Division, which takes care of moving violations in your city, you have a problem." 

... 

Maywood, south of downtown Los Angeles, is one of the nation's most densely populated cities — nearly 45,000 people (when illegal immigrants are factored in) live in 1.2 square miles. An estimated 96% of the residents are Latino and more than half are foreign-born. 

...


(Excerpt) Read more at latimes.com ...

  _____  

TOPICS: Crime/Corruption; Culture/Society; Government; Politics/Elections; US: California; Click to Add Topic
KEYWORDS: ALIENS; CORRUPTION; FAKEHATECRIME; ILLEGALS; IMMIGRANTLIST; IMMIGRATION; MAYWOOD; SANCTUARYCITY; Click to Add Keyword 
  _____  

 
Donate Here By Secure Server 

Or mail checks to 

FreeRepublic, LLC 
PO BOX 9771 
FRESNO, CA 93794

or you can use 

PayPal at Jimrob@psnw.com 
STOP BY AND BUMP THE FUNDRAISER THREAD. 
It is in the breaking news sidebar! 

  _____  

[ Report Abuse | Bookmark ]
  _____  

Coming Attractions: Sanctuary Cities ... Coming to a Neighborhood Near You!

1 posted on 07/13/2006 8:12:16 AM PDT by LNewman 
[ Post Reply | Private Reply | View Replies | Report Abuse ]
  _____  

To: LNewman

Let him while about his "hate mail" all he wants. I'll be impressed when he goes to Hidalgo county and rides with the cops down there. 

http://www.freerepublic.com/focus/f-news/1664895/posts


2 posted on 07/13/2006 8:14:36 AM PDT by cripplecreek (I'm trying to think but nothing happens) 
[ Post Reply | Private Reply | To 1 | View Replies | Report Abuse ]
  _____  

To: cripplecreek

Good Grief!!!


3 posted on 07/13/2006 8:17:22 AM PDT by LNewman (¡Atención La Migra! ¡Huge Underserved Population Aquí!) 
[ Post Reply | Private Reply | To 2 | View Replies | Report Abuse ]
  _____  

To: LNewman
The name of this town needs to be changed. 

Estúpidoville would be an excellent choice.


4 posted on 07/13/2006 8:19:52 AM PDT by BerlinStrausbaugh (If life was fair, Elvis would be alive and all the impersonators would be dead.) 
[ Post Reply | Private Reply | To 1 | View Replies | Report Abuse ]
  _____  

To: cripplecreek

Have you ever read or have a link for anything that might compare the Mexican/American (illegal immigration/reconquista) to Palestinian/Israeli conflict? 

Seems I remember reading something along those lines.


5 posted on 07/13/2006 8:28:18 AM PDT by Kimberly GG (Tancredo '08) 
[ Post Reply | Private Reply | To 2 | View Replies | Report Abuse ]
  _____  

To: Kimberly GG

I've been calling illegal immigration "our palestinian problem" for several years now.


6 posted on 07/13/2006 8:30:33 AM PDT by cripplecreek (I'm trying to think but nothing happens) 
[ Post Reply | Private Reply | To 5 | View Replies | Report Abuse ]
  _____  

To: LNewman
An estimated 96% of the residents are Latino and more than half are foreign-born. 

Make that about 75% illegal alien. The town looks like a third world city where trash and anchor babies are the only products.


7 posted on 07/13/2006 8:31:20 AM PDT by ncountylee (Dead terrorists smell like victory) 
[ Post Reply | Private Reply | To 1 | View Replies | Report Abuse ]
  _____  

To: ncountylee

Quit talking about my city! Oh I thought you said Bakersfield......;)


8 posted on 07/13/2006 8:44:19 AM PDT by sheana 
[ Post Reply | Private Reply | To 7 | View Replies | Report Abuse ]
  _____  

To: LNewman
Maywood, south of downtown Los Angeles, is one of the nation's most densely populated cities — nearly 45,000 people (when illegal immigrants are factored in) live in 1.2 square miles. 

Big freepin' deal. That's about HALF as densely populted as my home county, New York County, aka Manhattan Island. And that's just the folks who live here, not the million plus who commute in every work day.


9 posted on 07/13/2006 8:45:18 AM PDT by NativeNewYorker (Freepin' Jew Boy) 
[ Post Reply | Private Reply | To 1 | View Replies | Report Abuse ]

Disclaimer: Opinions posted on Free Republic are those of the individual posters and do not necessarily represent the opinion of Free Republic or its management. All materials posted herein are protected by copyright law and the exemption for fair use of copyrighted works. 

Free Republic
Home · Browse · Search 	Pings · Mail 	News/Activism
Topics · Post Article 	
  _____  

FreeRepublic, LLC, PO BOX 9771, FRESNO, CA 93794 
FreeRepublic.com is powered by software copyright 2000-2003 Robinson-DeFehr Consulting, LLC. 

  _____  

No virus found in this incoming message.
Checked by AVG Free Edition.
Version: 7.1.394 / Virus Database: 268.10.0/388 - Release Date: 7/13/2006

From:	Margaret Tison <margaret.tison@soyringconsulting.com>
Sent:	Thursday, July 13, 2006 12:45 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	St. Petersburg -   Fossil Park All Stars - State Champs!

Importance:	High

Dear Governor Bush:

 

I just wanted to inform you that the 9 year old Fossil Park All Star Baseball Team won First Place in the State tournament this past weekend.  They will be heading to South Haven, MS the weekend of July 21 to represent the City of St. Petersburg and the State of Florida in the Dizzy Dean World Series.

 

We are very proud of our boys and assure you that they will all be great representatives of our fine city and wonderful state!

 

Sincerely;

 

Margaret Tison

Mother of Colton Tison - a State Champion!

 

From:	ross greybill <ross2vegas@peoplepc.com>
Sent:	Thursday, July 13, 2006 11:46 AM
To:	APP
Cc:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Fw: Emailing: im not that corrupt, im just above the law...
Attachments:	bill_and_hillary_clinton-vi.jpg; signs_of_the_times.jpg

 
----- Original Message ----- 
From: ross greybill 
To: Michael Bruning 
Cc: ross greybill 
Sent: Thursday, July 13, 2006 9:39 AM
Subject: Emailing: im not that corrupt, im just above the law...

our congress is playing with not only fire but our heritage and country....they need to undrstand that if they pack a pipe they better be ready to smoke it..if they pass anything close to amnesty,and double cross america..the flames WILL be extremely hot and will not be able to extinguish them...they forget 200 million other "insignifigent" people just might get mad....kinda makes congress look small...
Free Republic
Home · Browse · Search 	Pings · Mail 	News/Activism
Topics · Post Article 	
  _____  


Skip to comments. 

2006 Q3 FReepathon. Target: $68,000	 Receipts & Pledges to-date: $58,083	
85%	  	
Woo hoo!! Less than 15 percent to go!! Thank you all very much!!	

GOP schedules more immigration hearings
AP on Yahoo ^ | 7/12/06 | Suzanne Gamboa - ap


Posted on 07/12/2006 3:43:00 PM PDT by NormsRevenge


WASHINGTON - House Republican leaders are scheduling a new round of immigration hearings, saying three already held have strengthened their case for enforcement-heavy legislation. 

Majority Leader John Boehner, R-Ohio, said Wednesday the hearings have made clear that a Senate bill that opens an avenue toward citizenship for millions of illegal immigrants would undermine border security. 

He contended that members of both parties are moving toward the House position that the nation's estimated 12 million illegal immigrants should be offered no guarantees against being deported. 

"The hearings have been an absolute success and they've put us in a stronger position to pass a responsible that secures our border and strictly enforces our immigration law," Boehner said. 

Last week's House hearings were in Laredo, Texas, San Diego and Washington. Senators held a hearing last week in Philadelphia and one on Monday in Miami; witnesses generally supported the position held by the Senate and President Bush that many illegal immigrants should be allowed to stay in the U.S. 

At a hearing Wednesday, Commerce Secretary Carlos Gutierrez told the Senate Judiciary Committee that Bush wants a comprehensive bill. He said an approach of only enforcement does not encourage immigrants to learn English, assimilate or be part of society. 

"The more this issue becomes one of enforcement only, we're driving them farther and father underground. What we want for our national security is to drive them above the shadows so we know who they are," said Gutierrez, who left his native Cuba in 1960 as a political refugee. 

During last week's congressional recess, some lawmakers suggested a compromise could be forming around "triggers" that would allow a phasing in of guest worker or legalization measures after enforcement benchmarks are met. 

Senate Judiciary Committee Chairman Arlen Specter, R-Pa., said such "delays" already are in the Senate bill. A guest worker program for illegal immigrants could begin only after money has been appropriated for a system that employers could use to verify their workers are legal, he said. 

"We may not be so very far apart," Specter suggested. 

Seven new House hearings are scheduled, all but one in Washington. The House International Relations Committee will hold a hearing July 27 at a location to be determined on whether the Senate bill undermines diplomatic efforts to curb illegal immigration. 

The other six hearings are scheduled from July 18 to July 27. 

Sen. Edward M. Kennedy (news, bio, voting record), D-Mass., one of the authors of the Senate bill, said that while Bush as stood up to the "Republican right wing," his party's leaders in the House continue to play politics with the issue. 

"Clearly, the House hearings are more about politics than about serious immigration reform," Kennedy said. 

___ 

On the Net: 

Information on the bills, H.R. 4437 and S. 2611, can be found at http://thomas.loc.gov/


  _____  

TOPICS: Business/Economy; Crime/Corruption; Culture/Society; Foreign Affairs; Government; Politics/Elections; Click to Add Topic
KEYWORDS: 109TH; ALIENS; GOP; HEARINGS; HR4437; ILLEGALS; IMMIGRANTLIST; IMMIGRATION; S2611; SCHEDULES; Click to Add Keyword 
  _____  

Somewhere...there is another young liberal couple just waiting for THEIR chance. 
Support Free Republic and dash their hopes! 
 

Donate Here By Secure Server 

Or mail checks to
FreeRepublic , LLC
PO BOX 9771
FRESNO, CA 93794

or you can use 

PayPal at Jimrob@psnw.com 

STOP BY AND BUMP THE FUNDRAISER THREAD-
It is in the breaking news sidebar! 
  _____  

[ Report Abuse | Bookmark ]
  _____  


1 posted on 07/12/2006 3:43:02 PM PDT by NormsRevenge 
[ Post Reply | Private Reply | View Replies | Report Abuse ]
  _____  

To: NormsRevenge
He said an approach of only enforcement does not encourage immigrants to learn English, assimilate or be part of society. 

Yup that's true because we want them to stop stealing from the taxpayer and return to their home countries.


2 posted on 07/12/2006 3:57:20 PM PDT by ncountylee (Dead terrorists smell like victory) 
[ Post Reply | Private Reply | To 1 | View Replies | Report Abuse ]
  _____  

To: NormsRevenge
 

3 posted on 07/12/2006 3:58:21 PM PDT by Tzimisce (How Would Mohammed Vote? Hillary for President! www.dndorks.com) 
[ Post Reply | Private Reply | To 1 | View Replies | Report Abuse ]
  _____  

To: NormsRevenge
"The more this issue becomes one of enforcement only, we're driving them farther and father underground. What we want for our national security is to drive them above the shadows so we know who they are," said Gutierrez 

In the shadows my eye. They certainly weren't afraid to be right in our faces on May 1st.
If you ask me, I'd say ICE is in the shadows.


4 posted on 07/12/2006 4:02:37 PM PDT by truthkeeper (It's the borders, stupid.) 
[ Post Reply | Private Reply | To 1 | View Replies | Report Abuse ]
  _____  

To: NormsRevenge
They are going to pass some think worse than the Senate bill and call it the House bill. 

Note Specter says the House and Senate are not that far apart? When was the last time you heard of Specter folding his hand in a contest? If Bush can't control him, how could anyone believe Hastert can. 

When was the last time you heard of House Majority Leader John Boehner folding his hand? How about June 14th 2006. Both sides will clearly state that they have eliminated illegal immigration. They will not tell you they have solved it by making Mexican immigration legal. 

It sounds like the House and Senate are going into conference committee negotiations. The proceedings of all conference committees are secret. 

Look for the contents house of the RULES committee rule on consideration of the returned bill. Betcha it allows little or no debate. If it does not allow much debate and prevents amendments the anti immigration cause is toast. 

After they return a bill... both houses will do final passage... and the President will sign it saying it is is a compromise but the best that can be done. 

At that point enforcement by the Bush Administration will go into low gear.... 

The media which supports unlimited immigration will move on to other issues. 

Don't believe me? I give you two words to prove my case 

OUT SOURCING 


5 posted on 07/12/2006 4:17:15 PM PDT by Common Tator 
[ Post Reply | Private Reply | To 1 | View Replies | Report Abuse ]
  _____  

To: Common Tator

Yep, that pretty much nails it. Excellent job.


6 posted on 07/12/2006 4:20:35 PM PDT by DallasJ7 
[ Post Reply | Private Reply | To 5 | View Replies | Report Abuse ]
  _____  

To: NormsRevenge

"During last week's congressional recess, some lawmakers suggested a compromise could be forming around "triggers" that would allow a phasing in of guest worker or legalization measures after enforcement benchmarks are met. " 

According to Tancredo, this must be CAREFULLY watched for. We keep hearing that Bush is 'leaning' towards an enforcement first, but what they really intend to to is to try and pass an 'enforcement first' that will automatically trigger guest worker/legalization as soon as the Administration deems the borders to be secured.


7 posted on 07/12/2006 4:24:58 PM PDT by Kimberly GG (Tancredo '08) 
[ Post Reply | Private Reply | To 1 | View Replies | Report Abuse ]
  _____  

To: Common Tator
Well said CT. If everything unfoldes exactly like you outlined, I would not be suprised at all. The United States of North America is coming folks.

8 posted on 07/12/2006 4:25:05 PM PDT by zeugma (I reject your reality and substitute my own in its place.) 
[ Post Reply | Private Reply | To 5 | View Replies | Report Abuse ]
  _____  

To: 1_Inch_Group; 2sheep; 2Trievers; 3AngelaD; 3pools; 3rdcanyon; 4Freedom; 4ourprogeny; 7.62 x 51mm; ..

ping


9 posted on 07/12/2006 4:32:04 PM PDT by gubamyster 
[ Post Reply | Private Reply | To 1 | View Replies | Report Abuse ]
  _____  

To: NormsRevenge
"He said an approach of only enforcement does not encourage immigrants to learn English, assimilate or be part of society."

Neither does giving the Naturalization Oath in SPANISH!

10 posted on 07/12/2006 4:38:09 PM PDT by SwinneySwitch (Terroristas-beyond your expectations!) 
[ Post Reply | Private Reply | To 1 | View Replies | Report Abuse ]
  _____  

To: NormsRevenge

I still don't think we need new legislation. Only the will and $$ to enforce what we already have. The US already has plenty of laws.


11 posted on 07/12/2006 5:01:25 PM PDT by Paladin2 (If the political indictment's from Fitz, the jury always acquits.) 
[ Post Reply | Private Reply | To 1 | View Replies | Report Abuse ]
  _____  

To: NormsRevenge
"Clearly, the House hearings are more about politics than about serious immigration reform," Kennedy said. 

He's finally getting revenge for his father who was insulted by the white conservative republicans in Boston. I was hoping Kennedy would not live to see the destruction of America, but when we put George Bush in office we gave the Kennedys, both dead and alive, exactly what they have been striving for for decades - revenge. 

Once Bush and the Congress gives amnesty the Mexicans, one of the first things that will happen will be an outright war against conservatives. Not only Mexicans but our fellow Republicans will join in this war to see that the conservative base is silenced for good. The Republicans will finally get what they have always wanted: the death of the middle class and slave labor across the board, and probably the most important thing for the republicans, those pesky conservatives will be overrun and wiped out. 

The Democrats, on the other hand, are in a win win situation: They will benefit from the Mexican voters, who will cast millions upon millions of votes for the crooks of the century - the Democrat party. 

Seems everyone will win but the few patriotic American citizens who are trying desperately to save America. Our days are numbered.


12 posted on 07/12/2006 5:23:15 PM PDT by swampfox98 (Lou Dobbs ! Michael Savage, Frosty Wooldridge - True patriots!) 
[ Post Reply | Private Reply | To 1 | View Replies | Report Abuse ]
  _____  

To: NormsRevenge

A Somali arrives in Minneapolis as a new immigrant to the United States. He 
stops the first person he sees walking down the street and says, "Thank 
you 
Mr. American for letting me in this country, and giving me housing, food 
stamps, free medical care and free education!" 

But the passer-by says "You are mistaken, I am Mexican." 

The man goes on and encounters another passer-by. "Thank you for having 
such 
a beautiful country here in America!" 

The person says "I no American, I Vietnamese." 

The new arrival walks further, and the next person he sees he stops, shakes 
his hand and says "Thank you for the wonderful America!" 

That person puts up his hand and says "I am from Middle East, I am not an 
American!" 

He finally sees a nice lady and asks suspiciously, "Are you an 
American?" 

She says, "No, I am from Russia!" So he is puzzled, and asks her, 
"Where are 
all the Americans?" 

The Russian lady looks at her watch, shrugs, and says ... "Probably at 
work!"


13 posted on 07/12/2006 6:52:02 PM PDT by mirkwood (Gun control isn't about guns. It's about control.) 
[ Post Reply | Private Reply | To 1 | View Replies | Report Abuse ]
  _____  

To: NormsRevenge
"Clearly, the House hearings are more about politics than about serious immigration reform," Kennedy said. 

The hearings are clearly political, though not aimed at constituents but members of the Senate. 

Whereas their actual bill was about serious enforcement. 

This is responsible and commendable. 

Now with the Senate it's entirely different. Both the Senate bill and your hearings are about politics. 

Oh, and everyday Kennedy praises the President I am sickened just a bit more. And, no, to thos concerned and the fools know who they are...Kennedy isn't driving my naive gullible brainwashed mind into division with the President by diabolically aligning with him. The president is foolishly recklessly wrong and, to boot, insulting to the nth degree on this issue. And everyone knows it, even though some support it for their own differing reasons.


14 posted on 07/12/2006 7:20:19 PM PDT by Soul Seeker (Kobach: Amnesty is going from an illegal to a legal position, without imposing the original penalty.) 
[ Post Reply | Private Reply | To 1 | View Replies | Report Abuse ]
  _____  

To: Kimberly GG

Ah, yes, Pence's cheap sell out. 

As it stands I'm sort of cynically awaiting the House to sell us out but...I'm making it as difficut as possible for them to do so by praising their first bill and shreading any approach to amnesty whatsoever no matter who proposes it. 

My goal still remains to stop passage of any bill and then try desperately to find someone that will enforce the laws in the 2008 primaries. It's really our only shot at serious enforcement. 

A bill right now will mean amnesty. 

Even if, miracles of miracles, a non amnesty did pass with no catches? The President would undermine it. Oh, he might not VETO it, but he'd still refuse to enforce it as he does with current laws.


15 posted on 07/12/2006 7:26:15 PM PDT by Soul Seeker (Kobach: Amnesty is going from an illegal to a legal position, without imposing the original penalty.) 
[ Post Reply | Private Reply | To 7 | View Replies | Report Abuse ]
  _____  

To: NormsRevenge
During last week's congressional recess, some lawmakers suggested a compromise could be forming around "triggers" that would allow a phasing in of guest worker or legalization measures after enforcement benchmarks are met. 

I'd like to tie immigration and any "guest workers" to triggers, but how? 

Tie it to enforcement? With 12 million illegals already here they arrest virtually no one. If they wanted they could shut down those few arrests in a heartbeat. So it can't be tied to arrests. 

Tie it to the census? The Democrats already tried to create whatever census numbers they dreamed up while Clinton was in office. So it can't be tied to the Census either. 

What will they tie immigration or guest worker programs to that they can't easily manipulate?


16 posted on 07/12/2006 7:53:03 PM PDT by RJL 
[ Post Reply | Private Reply | To 1 | View Replies | Report Abuse ]
  _____  

To: ncountylee
"At a hearing Wednesday, Commerce Secretary Carlos Gutierrez told the Senate Judiciary Committee that Bush wants a comprehensive bill. He said an approach of only enforcement does not encourage immigrants to learn English, assimilate or be part of society."

Then what the **** are they doing here? That he even said this is beyond surreal.

17 posted on 07/12/2006 11:17:53 PM PDT by tmr7711 
[ Post Reply | Private Reply | To 2 | View Replies | Report Abuse ]
  _____  

To: Paladin2

We need someone, smarter than me, to come up with a simple mail activist idea to flood the house and senate with tons of mail expressing our total lack of trust in our representative to do the right thing. It should be cheap and simple.


18 posted on 07/13/2006 7:00:58 AM PDT by Squat (Deport the illegals now! Turn Home Depot's into the prisons to hold the illegals!.) 
[ Post Reply | Private Reply | To 11 | View Replies | Report Abuse ]

Disclaimer: Opinions posted on Free Republic are those of the individual posters and do not necessarily represent the opinion of Free Republic or its management. All materials posted herein are protected by copyright law and the exemption for fair use of copyrighted works. 

Free Republic
Home · Browse · Search 	Pings · Mail 	News/Activism
Topics · Post Article 	
  _____  

FreeRepublic, LLC, PO BOX 9771, FRESNO, CA 93794 
FreeRepublic.com is powered by software copyright 2000-2003 Robinson-DeFehr Consulting, LLC. 

  _____  

No virus found in this incoming message.
Checked by AVG Free Edition.
Version: 7.1.394 / Virus Database: 268.10.0/388 - Release Date: 7/13/2006

From:	Cyndi Pletcher <ottarrun@earthlink.net>
Sent:	Thursday, July 13, 2006 12:11 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Osceola County

(I apologize that this is not my home email.)
 
I just wanted to take a moment to thank you for listening to my concerns regarding new teachers in Osceola County.  I truly hope that my concerns will be heard in Tallahassee and that together we can find solutions.  I am eager to provide leadership and direction on this issue as it is extremely important to me.  I look forward to hearing from you in the future.
 
Sincerely,
Barbra Thoeming
Osceola County 2007 Teacher of the Year
thoeminb@osceola.k12.fl.us
 
 
 
 

From:	Gerry Huntenburg <huntenburg@comcast.net>
Sent:	Thursday, July 13, 2006 12:02 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Senior Station

Dear Governor Bush,
 
Many families, especially Florida families, are facing the dilemma of providing a safe and enjoyable environment for their aging parents.  I feel fortunate that my mother's financial status allows her to reside in an assisted living facility with a wing for those who are memory impaired but there is a limit what they can even provide during their waking hours.  What about those who live alone or are in less attentive facilities, their days must be long and with little stimulation.
 
Are you aware if anyone has considered providing television programming geared to those who are experiencing symptoms associated with Alzheimer disease or other types of dementia associated with the aging process?  We have such wonderful programs for our children, geared for a variety of developmental stages.  I think our aging parents could benefit (even if it's just for a moment) from the stimulation that could be provided through well developed programming.  (How comforting it would be to have presenters who would speak slowly, briefly sum up the news of the day, talk about interesting topics such as animals, plants, travel, provide time for spiritual reflection and simple chair exercises, etc.)
 
I realize that programs exist on a variety of channels that are interesting and exciting but sometimes it's a challenge for some elderly to work the remote control!  It would be so helpful to turn on the TV at 8:00 am, on one particular station, that would be accessible throughout the day until the early evening.  I firmly believe that there is nothing like human contact but many of our seniors lack that touch.  This could be an alternative!
 
I don't necessary believe that this is something that should be provided by our state or federal governments but it might be an idea that could be initiated by our leaders.
 
Governor Bush, I look forward to your thoughts and guidance on this particular idea!
 
It's a comfort to know that Florida is in your very capable hands!
 
Sincerely,
Liz Huntenburg
 
 
From:	John J Meyer <johanjj@juno.com>
Sent:	Thursday, July 13, 2006 11:10 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Education
Attachments:	charter.jpg

Dear Mr. Newman,  

For the sake of our students and our educational system you have an
obligation to look into the following matters. I can prove that it has
affected our educational and justice system. 

The “Florida Home Rule” and the "employment at-will" state are being
misused interactively by the Polk County school politician for their
political interest and not for the best interest of our students and our
educational system.  

I have been official dismissed from teaching by Dr. Clinton Wright as a
part-time Electrical Instructor for not donating to a private fundraising
campaign. Conveniently called, dismissed for a difference of opinion,
using Florida’s "employment at-will" state. 

20 Teacher and 7 Paraprofessionals have also been dismissed no reason
given. The attached picture is telling you that something is wrong. 

The following is from desk of wendy.hosking@polk.fl.net, regarding
private fundraising campaigns. There is no prohibition against
participating in a private fund raising campaign; it should be noted that
participation must be voluntary. It cannot be made, either implicitly or
explicitly, a condition of employment, nor can participation or lack
thereof form the basis of any employment action or disparate treatment. 

When I came back from summer vacation I found all my study material
placed in boxes in the hallway. The hard drive had been take out of the
school computer with my prepared lessons to start the second semester.
This is a violation of 447,501 (1) (a) and (b) of Florida Status
(2004)’1, Pursuant to section 447,503(20). My civil rights have been
violated by the Polk County School Board for not following due process.  

On March 12, 2002, Mr. Bob Butterworth one of Florida Attorney Generals
made a statement that Florida would possess zero tolerance for
discrimination. I have not only been discriminated against but also
harassed, humiliate for all school employees and students to see. The
fundraising campaign did run through March 10. I continued to receive
pledge forms in my school mailbox including one illegally placed in my
home mailbox. I kept on teaching under those absurd circumstances for 6
month. It ended with a dismissal for a difference of opinion in the
middle of a semester. No one should have to accept this type of abuse in
a Florida Public School System.  

From the desk of Glenda Hood, Florida’s Secretary of State; Florida is an
"employment at-will" state. An employer can terminate an employee for any
reason, at any time, without advance notification so long as there is no
violation of federal or state law. Polk County violated 447,501 (1) (a)
and (b) of Florida Status (2004)’1, Pursuant to section 447,503(20),
including school board regulation 60X53-8, 004 (C). School employee Debby
Davis has been assigned to do the administration. The private fund
raising campaign has been approved by the Polk County School Board for
political reason. The All-Arian fund raising has been approved by the
USF.

I donated my time to train minorities and women to pass a mechanics test.
On August 17, 2005, School Board Attorney Deming Cowles wrote to me that
the school “can dismiss you for you’ re [sic] ethnic background....’ no
explanation needed “. Calling names in place of solving a problem. I am
presently tutoring a child of the (No Child Left behind Act of 2001) to
prepare her for her electrical journeyman exam. 

I have been unable to receive representation from local Senators or
Representatives. Governor Jeb Bush claims in writing that he is powerless
to look into this matter. As soon I mention the “Florida Home Rule” to an
attorney, my free consultations are going down the drain. 

For the sake of our students and our educational system you have an
obligation to look into this matter. 

Sincerely yours,

John J. Meyer
404 Whitman Rd. 
Winter Haven Fl. 33884




From:	USA-NEAL, ISABEL <INEAL@impsat.com>
Sent:	Thursday, July 13, 2006 11:47 AM
To:	andrew.torres@mail.house.gov; Porth, Ari; betht@tamarac.org; ilieberman@broward.org; Governor Jeb Bush; Jeffm@Tamarac.org; newsdesk@wsvn.com; dlauderdale@local10.com; news4@wfor.cbs.com; nbc6.investigates@nbc6.net; jjordan@sun-sentinel.com; DBanker@sun-sentinel.com; browardnews@miamiherald.com; phoenix12a@aol.com
Cc:	isabelneal@yahoo.com; rasclat99@aol.com; hallandrea@aol.com; saphfl@yahoo.com; olga_gustavson@yahoo.com; bobbyd82@hotmail.com; babymonster813@aol.com; info@projecthopeflorida.org
Subject:	Families of Southgate Gardens
Attachments:	SouthgateGardens.doc

To Whom It May Concern:

 

This email is to inform you of an on-going situation regarding the many displaced families of a specific community in Tamarac, FL, the community of Southgate Gardens. 

 

Attached you will find a letter summarizing their situation and plea for help. Please read the letter and if you can help, please do so.

 

Thank you.

 

Sincerely,

 

The Families of Southgate Gardens

 

Isabel Neal

 

7421 NW 85 St.

Southgate Gardens

Tamarac, FL 33321

 

754-368-7637

isabelneal@yahoo.com

This communication is confidential and may contain information that is exempt from disclosure by law or pursuant to confidentiality obligations assumed by written agreement. If you are not the intended recipient, please note that any dissemination, distribution, or copying of this communication is strictly prohibited. If you receive this e-mail in error, please notify the sender immediately at the electronic mail address or phone number : (01) 954-779-7171 and delete the information from your computer. Please do not copy or use it for any purpose nor disclose its contents to any other person. 
From:	ross greybill <ross2vegas@peoplepc.com>
Sent:	Thursday, July 13, 2006 11:34 AM
To:	APP
Cc:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Fw: WE WERE A NATION OF LAWS...

 
----- Original Message ----- 
From: ross greybill 
To: AB 
Cc: and 
Sent: Thursday, July 13, 2006 10:28 AM
Subject: WE WERE A NATION OF LAWS...

why just cant we let ALL legal voters, with no ties to congress or president vote on this immigration issue? This would make this so much easier. Now america is at the tyrany and mercy of our corrupt government.                                     Americans (the vast majority) want just a few simple things, secure the border, and enforce exsisting laws, and impliment employer fines for hiring "ILLEGAL"aliens.                                            It doesnt take a philadelphia lawyer to see that the greed and corruption from our government is at work..The republicans want the exploitation of cheap labor to outsource jobs from legal U.S. citizens,and our equally corrupt democrats want the influx of "ILLEGAL" aliens for their slumping voting base..but all this for the alienation of the rest of america.                                                             This is so wrong in many ways.This is not a latino thing, its not a mexican thing..this all has to stop.Its an ILLEGAL thing...America is general is pro-immigration, we just like this done in a proper manner..legally. America allows 1.4 million aliens to become citizens yearly, these people waited in line, took physical,had backgroung check,and learned the english language.  Remember when it was an honor and privilage  to become a legal american citizen?Our government doesnt.                  I truly hope the rest of america is waking up and seeing how our government is abusing its ABOVE THE LAW authority and voting for their own personal and political agendas and not what they were put into office for..to be the voice of their perspective districts.Theyve abused and forgotten the oath they took, This use to be a nation with a constitution for the people by the people...times sure have changed for the worse...please if your half-way concerned, vote these "traitors" out of office and take back our country.
From:	John J Meyer <johanjj@juno.com>
Sent:	Thursday, July 13, 2006 11:18 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Education
Attachments:	charter.jpg

Dear Governor Jeb Bush, 

For the sake of our students and our educational system you have an
obligation to look into the following matters. I can prove that it has
affected our educational and justice system. 

The “Florida Home Rule” and the "employment at-will" state are being
misused interactively by the Polk County school politician for their
political interest and not for the best interest of our students and our
educational system.  

I have been official dismissed from teaching by Dr. Clinton Wright as a
part-time Electrical Instructor for not donating to a private fundraising
campaign. Conveniently called, dismissed for a difference of opinion,
using Florida’s "employment at-will" state. 

20 Teacher and 7 Paraprofessionals have also been dismissed no reason
given. The attached picture is telling you that something is wrong. 

The following is from desk of wendy.hosking@polk.fl.net, regarding
private fundraising campaigns. There is no prohibition against
participating in a private fund raising campaign; it should be noted that
participation must be voluntary. It cannot be made, either implicitly or
explicitly, a condition of employment, nor can participation or lack
thereof form the basis of any employment action or disparate treatment. 

When I came back from summer vacation I found all my study material
placed in boxes in the hallway. The hard drive had been take out of the
school computer with my prepared lessons to start the second semester.
This is a violation of 447,501 (1) (a) and (b) of Florida Status
(2004)’1, Pursuant to section 447,503(20). My civil rights have been
violated by the Polk County School Board for not following due process.  

On March 12, 2002, Mr. Bob Butterworth one of Florida Attorney Generals
made a statement that Florida would possess zero tolerance for
discrimination. I have not only been discriminated against but also
harassed, humiliate for all school employees and students to see. The
fundraising campaign did run through March 10. I continued to receive
pledge forms in my school mailbox including one illegally placed in my
home mailbox. I kept on teaching under those absurd circumstances for 6
month. It ended with a dismissal for a difference of opinion in the
middle of a semester. No one should have to accept this type of abuse in
a Florida Public School System.  

From the desk of Glenda Hood, Florida’s Secretary of State; Florida is an
"employment at-will" state. An employer can terminate an employee for any
reason, at any time, without advance notification so long as there is no
violation of federal or state law. Polk County violated 447,501 (1) (a)
and (b) of Florida Status (2004)’1, Pursuant to section 447,503(20),
including school board regulation 60X53-8, 004 (C). School employee Debby
Davis has been assigned to do the administration. The private fund
raising campaign has been approved by the Polk County School Board for
political reason. The All-Arian fund raising has been approved by the
USF.

I donated my time to train minorities and women to pass a mechanics test.
On August 17, 2005, School Board Attorney Deming Cowles wrote to me that
the school “can dismiss you for you’ re [sic] ethnic background....’ no
explanation needed “. Calling names in place of solving a problem. I am
presently tutoring a child of the (No Child Left behind Act of 2001) to
prepare her for her electrical journeyman exam. 

I have been unable to receive representation from local Senators or
Representatives. Governor Jeb Bush claims in writing that he is powerless
to look into this matter. As soon I mention the “Florida Home Rule” to an
attorney, my free consultations are going down the drain. 

For the sake of our students and our educational system you have an
obligation to look into this matter. 

Sincerely yours,

John J. Meyer
404 Whitman Rd. 
Winter Haven Fl. 33884




From:	Sid Kleiner <skleiner@comcast.net>
Sent:	Thursday, July 13, 2006 11:21 AM
To:	SHMU569@aol.com
Cc:	Governor Jeb Bush; info@fdle.state.fl.us; ACLU OF FLORIDA; ADL ALL OF FLORIDA
Subject:	[*] RE: Good morning

 
5850 East Milton Road 
Milton, Florida 32583-7914 
(850) 983-5800 
Suncom: 689-5800 
FAX: (850) 983-5907 
E-Mail: santarosaci@
mail.dc.state.fl.us 
Chaplain's Office
(850) 983-4530 
 
An urgent request for assistance from Rabbi Spritzer in Brooklyn, NY!
 
 A non-Jewish inmate wrote us a letter regarding the conditions of Arthur Rudick 395349, currently at Santa Rosa. He wrote that Arthur Rudick is currently not allowed to write and is not allowed any writing utensils, as he is under the suicide watch.

This after a 6/2 event in which Rudick was held down by three officers while an inmate barber shaved off his hair. The most serious offense that Rudick is not being allowed to exercise the grievance procedure, which makes whatever they did to him very suspicious. On top of this, Arthur Rudick has not eaten any solid foods for three weeks.

As I said, this was sent over by another caring inmate and needs to be forwarded to FDOC people as soon as possible. You know how long it takes them to look into something, someone has got to look into this matter. If at all possible, I would like also the phone number of the warden (and his name) from this facility, whom I plan on calling. I consider this an emergency.
RSS     

Good Morning, Rabbi Spritzer!


Unfortunately, I have more urgencies and emergencies than one person can handle. If you can call the warden and the chaplain and get updated information, please let me know what you have learned.


I am willing to speak with the Inspector General on this matter, but I do need plenty of facts to back up what I say to him.


Thanks for getting involved,


Sid


********************************************


 


 


 


 


Santa Rosa Correctional Institution 

 
County: Santa Rosa 
Offender Search for this Facility:
Queries may take a long time for
facilities with large populations. 
*	Browse current population 
*	Browse releases 
*	Browse escapes (outstanding escape warrants) 
Directions: From I-10 take Exit 31 (Milton/Navarre). Drive north on State Road 87 approximately one mile to US-90. Go straight across US-90 and over the railroad tracks (this is East Milton Road). Continue driving for approximately one mile. The Institution is located around the curve and on the right-hand side. 
Historical Information: This facility was established in 1996 and houses adult male inmates. 
Total Staff (on 1/06):   457 
 
 
From:	Jay Stout <jstout@cityofsafetyharbor.com>
Sent:	Thursday, July 13, 2006 11:01 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Sprinkler legislation

 

Dear Governor Bush,

 

Thank you for your continued support for the Fire Service. I’m also very thankful for the outstanding leadership that you continue to provide in Emergency Management… Florida continues to be a role model for the entire Country.

 

Respectfully.

 

Chief Stout /Safety Harbor Fire Department

From:	ross greybill <ross2vegas@peoplepc.com>
Sent:	Thursday, July 13, 2006 10:45 AM
To:	APP
Cc:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	[*] Fw: Emailing: WHAT??WE DONT SHOOT BACK???
Attachments:	saddam.jpg

 
----- Original Message ----- 
From: ross greybill 
To: Michael Bruning 
Cc: ross greybill 
Sent: Thursday, July 13, 2006 9:20 AM
Subject: Emailing: WHAT??WE DONT SHOOT BACK???

SEND THE MILITARY..OR LINE THE SENATORS UP AS A FENCE...
Free Republic
Home · Browse · Search 	Pings · Mail 	News/Activism
Topics · Post Article 	
  _____  


Skip to comments. 

2006 Q3 FReepathon. Target: $68,000	 Receipts & Pledges to-date: $58,083	
85%	  	
Woo hoo!! Less than 15 percent to go!! Thank you all very much!!	

U.S. Authorities Fired on by Border Bandits (Shots Coming from Mexican Side of Rio Grande) 
The Monitor (Texas) ^ | 07/13/2006 | Andres R. Martinez


Posted on 07/13/2006 4:56:14 AM PDT by KentTrappedInLiberalSeattle


DONNA — Bandits shot hundreds of rounds of automatic gun fire at Hidalgo County Sheriff’s deputies and Border Patrol agents Wednesday from the Mexican side of the Rio Grande. 

The deputies were responding to a call from two brothers who swam across the river after an initial gunfight at a ranch in Mexico, Hidalgo County Sheriff Lupe Treviño said. 

Treviño would not identify the two brothers, but said the two U.S. citizens are suspects in other criminal investigations. 

The two brothers called 911 around 7:45 p.m. Wednesday and told the operator that they were near the Brewster Ranch south of Donna. 

They say an unknown number of gunmen burst into their family ranch in Mexico and killed a ranch hand. The two brothers escaped, but the kidnappers took their father, Treviño said. 

The brothers made it across the Rio Grande and called 911. 

At least three deputies and four Border Patrol agents took the two brothers back to the riverbank to see if they might find any evidence or the shooters. 

Instead, shooters from Mexico fired automatic weapons at the group. The barrage went on for almost 10 minutes, alternating between shots coming from Mexico and the east. 

Treviño believes that the shots from the east were most likely on American soil. The heaviest gunfire came after the shots from the east ended, most likely an attempt to divert attention and allow the shooters from the east to cross back. 

Border Patrol officials did not respond to phone calls last night. 

Treviño plans to search for evidence tomorrow at the sight of the shooting, south of Valley View Road and Military Highway. 

If authorities find weapons or casings that can be traced, they might be able to charge someone with attempted capital murder of the agents, deputies and two brothers, Treviño said. 

Treviño says that his deputies have never been shot at from the Mexican side of the river. 

"This is one of the reasons that I do not allow my deputies to patrol the riverbanks or levies close to the river," Treviño said, "because we do know there are drug gangs and human trafficking gangs that will not hesitate to shoot in our direction to get us out of the area."


  _____  

TOPICS: Culture/Society; Foreign Affairs; Government; Mexico; Miscellaneous; News/Current Events; US: Texas; Click to Add Topic
KEYWORDS: ALIENS; BORDER; BORDERCONTROL; HIDALGO; IMMIGRATION; INVASION; MEXICO; RIOGRANDE; TEXAS; Click to Add Keyword 
  _____  

 

Click Here to Donate to Free Republic By Secure Server 

Or mail checks to:         
FreeRepublic , LLC
PO BOX 9771
FRESNO, CA 93794

Or you can use:                      
PayPal at Jimrob@psnw.com 

STOP BY AND BUMP THE FUNDRAISER THREAD-
Found in the breaking news sidebar!

  _____  

[ Report Abuse | Bookmark ]
  _____  


1 posted on 07/13/2006 4:56:20 AM PDT by KentTrappedInLiberalSeattle 
[ Post Reply | Private Reply | View Replies | Report Abuse ]
  _____  

To: KentTrappedInLiberalSeattle

what happend to shooting back


2 posted on 07/13/2006 4:57:52 AM PDT by Flavius (Qui desiderat pacem, praeparet bellum) 
[ Post Reply | Private Reply | To 1 | View Replies | Report Abuse ]
  _____  

To: KentTrappedInLiberalSeattle

Mexican drug dealers calling Texas 911 for help.


3 posted on 07/13/2006 5:00:05 AM PDT by angkor 
[ Post Reply | Private Reply | To 1 | View Replies | Report Abuse ]
  _____  

To: angkor
"Mexican drug dealers calling Texas 911 for help." 

And it worked.


4 posted on 07/13/2006 5:03:18 AM PDT by DJ Taylor (Once again our country is at war, and once again the Democrats have sided with our enemy.) 
[ Post Reply | Private Reply | To 3 | View Replies | Report Abuse ]
  _____  

To: KentTrappedInLiberalSeattle

"Bizarre" is the only word that comes to mind.


5 posted on 07/13/2006 5:13:01 AM PDT by ForGod'sSake (ABCNNBCBS: An enemy at the gates is less formidable, for he is known and carries his banner openly.) 
[ Post Reply | Private Reply | To 1 | View Replies | Report Abuse ]
  _____  

To: KentTrappedInLiberalSeattle

I hate to think what we'll be told when our guys start dying down there.


6 posted on 07/13/2006 5:24:03 AM PDT by cripplecreek (I'm trying to think but nothing happens) 
[ Post Reply | Private Reply | To 1 | View Replies | Report Abuse ]
  _____  

To: ForGod'sSake
"Bizarre" is the only word that comes to mind. 

Odd - I was thinking "mortars."


7 posted on 07/13/2006 5:24:17 AM PDT by Tennessee_Bob ("Those who "abjure" violence can only do so because others are committing violence on their behalf.") 
[ Post Reply | Private Reply | To 5 | View Replies | Report Abuse ]
  _____  

To: Flavius

"what happend to shooting back" 


With .50 cal.!! That would shut up the peashooters .


8 posted on 07/13/2006 5:26:03 AM PDT by Renegade 
[ Post Reply | Private Reply | To 2 | View Replies | Report Abuse ]
  _____  

To: Tennessee_Bob
"Bizarre" is the only word that comes to mind. 

Odd - I was thinking "mortars." 

We think alike.


9 posted on 07/13/2006 5:36:33 AM PDT by MrEdd (Bad spellers of the world - UNTIE!,) 
[ Post Reply | Private Reply | To 7 | View Replies | Report Abuse ]
  _____  

To: MrEdd

Let me understand this. The Sheriff dosn't send his deputies down by the river because there criminals down there and the deputies may be shot at? 

I'M SO UPSET AT THIS REMARK I'm having trouble typing. 

Some one help me out...


10 posted on 07/13/2006 6:24:38 AM PDT by abseaman (I stand befor the alter of almighty God and swear to fight tyranny in allits forms. TJefferson) 
[ Post Reply | Private Reply | To 9 | View Replies | Report Abuse ]
  _____  

To: KentTrappedInLiberalSeattle
... I do not allow my deputies to patrol the riverbanks or levies close to the river," Treviño said, "because we do know there are drug gangs and human trafficking gangs that will not hesitate to shoot in our direction to get us out of the area." 

How about shooting in their direction to get them out of the area?


11 posted on 07/13/2006 6:27:08 AM PDT by Fiji Hill 
[ Post Reply | Private Reply | To 1 | View Replies | Report Abuse ]
  _____  

To: Fiji Hill

We need a wall, minefields, a DMZ and helicopter gunship patrols.


12 posted on 07/13/2006 6:31:03 AM PDT by Little Ray (If you want to be a martyr, we want to martyr you.) 
[ Post Reply | Private Reply | To 11 | View Replies | Report Abuse ]

Disclaimer: Opinions posted on Free Republic are those of the individual posters and do not necessarily represent the opinion of Free Republic or its management. All materials posted herein are protected by copyright law and the exemption for fair use of copyrighted works. 

Free Republic
Home · Browse · Search 	Pings · Mail 	News/Activism
Topics · Post Article 	
  _____  

FreeRepublic, LLC, PO BOX 9771, FRESNO, CA 93794 
FreeRepublic.com is powered by software copyright 2000-2003 Robinson-DeFehr Consulting, LLC. 

  _____  

No virus found in this incoming message.
Checked by AVG Free Edition.
Version: 7.1.394 / Virus Database: 268.10.0/388 - Release Date: 7/13/2006

From:	ross greybill <ross2vegas@peoplepc.com>
Sent:	Thursday, July 13, 2006 10:42 AM
To:	APP
Cc:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Fw: Emailing: GOVERNMENT "STILL" DOESNT GET IT
Attachments:	freeperchick-vi.jpg

 
----- Original Message ----- 
From: ross greybill 
To: Michael Bruning 
Cc: ross greybill 
Sent: Thursday, July 13, 2006 8:59 AM
Subject: Emailing: GOVERNMENT "STILL" DOESNT GET IT

SEE COMMENTS ON BOTTOM..#  3 AND # 10..IM TIRED OF OUR GOVERNMENT TREATING AMERICA LIKE WERE IDIOTS AND WE DONT KNOW ANY BETTER AND THEY KNOW WHAT "BEST" FOR US...PLEASE COME NOVEMBER..
Free Republic
Home · Browse · Search 	Pings · Mail 	News/Activism
Topics · Post Article 	
  _____  


Skip to comments. 

2006 Q3 FReepathon. Target: $68,000	 Receipts & Pledges to-date: $58,083	
85%	  	
Woo hoo!! Less than 15 percent to go!! Thank you all very much!!	

Commerce's Gutierrez Backs Senate Immigration Bill [Illegal Alien Shamnesty Bill]
NewsMax ^ | July 13, 2006 | Reuters


Posted on 07/13/2006 6:30:43 AM PDT by conservativecorner


WASHINGTON -- Tighter borders and workplace enforcement alone will not solve the country's problem with illegal immigration and may make the situation worse by driving millions of people deeper in the shadows, U.S. Commerce Secretary Carlos Gutierrez said Wednesday. 

In testimony to the Senate Judiciary Committee on behalf of the Bush administration, the Cuban-born Gutierrez backed the Senate's comprehensive approach combining border security and new employer enforcement measures with a plan that gives many of the estimated 12 million illegal immigrants a path to citizenship. 

"The more this issue becomes one of enforcement only, we are driving them (illegal immigrants) further and further underground," Gutierrez said, adding it was important to bring illegals out of the shadows "so we know who they are." 

Wednesday's session was one of a number of dueling hearings being held by the Senate and U.S. House of Representatives in a battle to win public support for vastly different immigration reform bills ahead of the November congressional elections. 

The House-passed bill focuses solely on border security and enforcement and further criminalizes illegal presence in the United States. A solid group of House Republicans oppose the Senate bill, calling it an amnesty that rewards people who broke U.S. law. 

Mindful of the growing political clout of Hispanic voters, President Bush backs a comprehensive approach along the lines of the Senate bill. But House leaders Wednesday said they are winning the battle. 

"I think the hearings have been an absolute success and they've put us in a stronger position to craft a responsible bill that secures our borders and strictly enforces our immigration laws," said House Majority Leader John Boehner, an Ohio Republican. 

The House already has held a number of hearings around the country stressing border security issues and Boehner said more will be held through August. 

It is unclear the Senate and House will be able to settle their differences and send a final bill to Bush before the November elections. The two bodies have held no formal negotiating sessions but lawmakers have been discussing possible compromises behind the scenes. 

House leaders say the Senate is shifting to their point of view. A number of senators oppose the House's enforcement only approach but some said they are discussing a phased approach that would put border security and enforcement measures in place before a guest worker and other legalization programs go into effect.


  _____  

TOPICS: Business/Economy; Canada; Constitution/Conservatism; Crime/Corruption; Culture/Society; Foreign Affairs; Government; Mexico; News/Current Events; Philosophy; Politics/Elections; War on Terror; Click to Add Topic
KEYWORDS: 1IGNORANTPOST; CRYBABY; DAILYBITCH; KNOWNOTHINGS; Click to Add Keyword 
  _____  

  
  _____  

[ Report Abuse | Bookmark ]
  _____  


1 posted on 07/13/2006 6:30:45 AM PDT by conservativecorner 
[ Post Reply | Private Reply | View Replies | Report Abuse ]
  _____  

To: conservativecorner

Who cares? The bill is dead. Everyone but the Antis knows it. The House Republicans killed it. Their hearings around the country are driving a stake thru it's heart.


2 posted on 07/13/2006 6:33:45 AM PDT by MNJohnnie (Fire Murtha Now! Spread the word. Support Diana Irey. http://www.irey.com/) 
[ Post Reply | Private Reply | To 1 | View Replies | Report Abuse ]
  _____  

To: conservativecorner
Gutierrez said, adding it was important to bring illegals out of the shadows "so we know who they are." 

We know WHO they are, and we know WHERE they are. It's WHAT you are going to do about it, which as of now is to reward them for breaking the law by giving them and their law breaking employers a free pass and a bunch of bennies.


3 posted on 07/13/2006 6:34:23 AM PDT by oldbill 
[ Post Reply | Private Reply | To 1 | View Replies | Report Abuse ]
  _____  

To: MNJohnnie

I am glad that you are so positive the bill is dead. I am not. I think that they are gonna pass something eventually. 
Yeah, the American people don't want it but it seems everyone who works for government does and big business does. All the special interests want amnesty. 
I just don't have enough faith in our politicians to think that the politicians will do what the American people want and do what's right for America. I think eventually they will cave under all the above pressures. They will compromise and pass some kind of amnesty that "really isn't an amnesty". 
I hope I am wrong.


4 posted on 07/13/2006 6:40:35 AM PDT by sheana 
[ Post Reply | Private Reply | To 2 | View Replies | Report Abuse ]
  _____  

To: conservativecorner

NewsMax is about a credible a source as WorldNetDaily.... they are partisans too, just like the New York Times and CBS.... they decide, then report.


5 posted on 07/13/2006 6:41:30 AM PDT by PDR 
[ Post Reply | Private Reply | To 1 | View Replies | Report Abuse ]
  _____  

To: conservativecorner

Did he say he supported the Senate bill, or did he say he supported a comprehensive approach? 

Big difference between the two. Knowing Newscrap's propensity for misleading headlines, I'm sure it is the latter.


6 posted on 07/13/2006 6:41:55 AM PDT by A.Hun (Common sense is no longer common.) 
[ Post Reply | Private Reply | To 1 | View Replies | Report Abuse ]
  _____  

To: PDR

This was a reuters report. Did you happen to look before posting?


7 posted on 07/13/2006 6:44:35 AM PDT by conservativecorner 
[ Post Reply | Private Reply | To 5 | View Replies | Report Abuse ]
  _____  

To: conservativecorner

NewsMax has a habit of rewriting and/or embelishing reports off the legitimate wires -- they used to do it to UPI all the time.


8 posted on 07/13/2006 6:47:22 AM PDT by PDR 
[ Post Reply | Private Reply | To 7 | View Replies | Report Abuse ]
  _____  

To: MNJohnnie
"Who cares? The bill is dead. Everyone but the Antis knows it. The House Republicans killed it. Their hearings around the country are driving a stake thru it's heart." 

I hope you are right, but I am still a wee bit leery as evidenced by the "White House" (read GWB) "encouraging?" first, Gen Pace, now Secretary Gutierrez to testify in support of this Shamnesty Bill. 

Who will be next in W's shameless pandering to our guilt complex (as we all have immigrant ancestors) in testifying? His former Mexican housekeeper while Gov. of Texas, Maria Galvin? 

Say what you will, W desperately wants this bill and wants the Senate version and he is doing whatever he can to keep it alive. Our only hope is that the House, will not cave.


9 posted on 07/13/2006 6:48:49 AM PDT by seasoned traditionalist (ALL MUSLIMS ARE NOT TERRORISTS, BUT ALL TERRORISTS WHO WANT TO DESTROY OUR COUNTRY, ARE MUSLIMS) 
[ Post Reply | Private Reply | To 2 | View Replies | Report Abuse ]
  _____  

To: conservativecorner

Can't wait till I'm looking at the current administration in the rear view mirror.


10 posted on 07/13/2006 6:51:28 AM PDT by reelfoot 
[ Post Reply | Private Reply | To 1 | View Replies | Report Abuse ]
  _____  

To: PDR

Did they do it this time, or are you assuming something which may be untrue?


11 posted on 07/13/2006 6:52:50 AM PDT by conservativecorner 
[ Post Reply | Private Reply | To 8 | View Replies | Report Abuse ]

Disclaimer: Opinions posted on Free Republic are those of the individual posters and do not necessarily represent the opinion of Free Republic or its management. All materials posted herein are protected by copyright law and the exemption for fair use of copyrighted works. 

Free Republic
Home · Browse · Search 	Pings · Mail 	News/Activism
Topics · Post Article 	
  _____  

FreeRepublic, LLC, PO BOX 9771, FRESNO, CA 93794 
FreeRepublic.com is powered by software copyright 2000-2003 Robinson-DeFehr Consulting, LLC. 

  _____  

No virus found in this incoming message.
Checked by AVG Free Edition.
Version: 7.1.394 / Virus Database: 268.10.0/388 - Release Date: 7/13/2006

From:	Sid Kleiner <skleiner@comcast.net>
Sent:	Thursday, July 13, 2006 10:37 AM
To:	bethtikvah@comcast.net
Cc:	Governor Jeb Bush; info@fdle.state.fl.us
Subject:	[*] BOGUS DR's, PLANTED EVIDENCE, RETALIATION---PAR FOR THE COURSE IN THE FDOC! FDLE---PLEASE INVESTIGATE!

  
Sid Kleiner, President 
Beth Tikvah Jewish Prisoner Outreach
Spiritual Support For Jewish Inmates & Their Loved Ones
10188 Winterview Drive, Naples, FL  34109-1520
Phone: 239-591-2649, Fax: 239-566-7702-E-Mail: skleiner@comcast.net
An IRS-Approved, Not-For-Profit Corporation

Baruch Hashem

17th Tammuz, 5766
13th July, 2006
Michael Larner, #P08840
F-2209-U

Hendry Correctional Institution


12551 Wainwright Drive


Immokalee, Florida 34142-4797

 
Shalom and G’ Day, Chaver Michael,
 
I received a phone call last evening that really disturbed me. I knew that you had been attacked by three inmates, and I had personally seen the evidence to substantiate your report. That was bad enough---especially because you surmise that the beating was carried out on orders from Officer Thesson.
 
Now, I learn that the retaliation continues in the form of a planted weapon in your room. Contraband weapons are a serious infraction in the prison system. As you well know, disciplinary hearings rarely result in judgment in favor of the inmate. Thus, chances are that you will end up in some sort of isolated confinement for a few weeks. 
 
I have been advised by others that this was planned and orchestrated by the evil-doers who are in the minority at Hendry Correctional Institution. You did not possess a weapon. It is regrettable and unfortunate that you have once again possibly been victimized by staff retaliation. I am sincerely sorry that this has happened to you. My plan at this moment is to share what has happened with Inspector General Walt Murphree and the Florida Department of Law Enforcement as well as Gov. Bush. Mr. Murphree does not condone planted weapons and staff retaliation. Unfortunately, bogus DRs and placing innocent inmates in confinement is nearly endemic in the FDOC. But we are attacking this problem, and, one day, fairness and justice may yet prevail. Please keep me posted, Michael---I really do care!
 
In peace, brotherhood and love of G-d’s Torah,
 
 
Sid  
 
From:	John Weatherell <dweatherell@tampabay.rr.com>
Sent:	Thursday, July 13, 2006 10:30 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Noise polution,air polution,gasoline consumpion i

Dear Govenor,
Has anyone taken a look at what is happering in lawn maintainance lately?
It seems that a vast majority of home owners and others  are employing lawn maintainance companies.  The equipment they use is all gas powred.  Grass mowers are the size of small cars.  Leaves are blown from one yard to another( even in gale force winds)
In all an army of equipment all noisy,all consming large quantities of gas,and all poluting the air.  And all to cut grass.  We have watering restrictions for landscape yet continue to waste and polute for the sake of neat lawns.  Could it be done better?
 
Sincerely
John Weatherell
1239  43rd ave.N
St. Petersburg,FL 33703
From:	RUTH ACOSTA <tahina69de@yahoo.de>
Sent:	Thursday, July 13, 2006 10:29 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	UD ES MI ENLACE

YO ESTOY ACTUALMENTE CASADA CON ULRICH WITTONDESDE EL 1995 ya yo no soy una prostituta soy modelo freelance de krea models madrid autodidacta tengo proyectos de novelas y cuentos cortos ya escritos y tengo UN DOCTORADO EN CIENCIAS HUMANISTICAS   EL DOCTORADO HONORIS CAUSA ME CORRESPONDE POR PUROS COJONES SI UD OBVIA PASAR LOS MENSAJES DE INTELIGENCIA AL PRESIDENTE VOY A TENER QUE INCLUIRLO EN LA LARGA LISTA DE LA LEY 317-03 del CODIGO PENAL Y CRIMINAL VIGENTE EN LA REPUBLICA DOMINICANA LOS PODERES JUDICIALES MUNDIALES PUEDEN ARRESTAR CUALQUIER POLITICO A CUALQUIER NIVEL POR ABUSO DE PODER LA LICENCIA AD VITAM QUE YO TENGO ME AUTORIZA A PERSEGUIR EN ESTE CASO LOS PROXIMOS DELINCUENTES A PERSEGUIR SON DOMINGO CAVALLO JULIO ANDEREOTTI Y SYLVIO BERLUSCONI POR COMPLICIDAD CON LAURA WELCH BUSH ES CUANTO GRACIAS



  _____  

Keine Lust auf Tippen? Rufen Sie Ihre Freunde einfach an.
Yahoo! Messenger. Jetzt installieren . 
From:	Garrard, Maureen <Maureen.Garrard@myfloridahouse.gov>
Sent:	Thursday, July 13, 2006 10:28 AM
To:	kevin.mccarty@fldfs.com
Cc:	Governor Jeb Bush; Perez, Kent; Pat_gleason@oag.state.fl.us; Roberts, Clay; gail.robinson@fldfs.com; boxoldj@doacs.state.fl.us; Abby London; Galvano, Bill; Murzin, Dave; Bense, Allan; Rubio, Marco; Terraferma, Frank; Mimbs, Brian; Kreegel, Paige; Kottkamp, Jeff; CARLTON.LISA.S23; BENNETT.MIKE.S21; ARONBERG.DAVE.S27; dave.foy@fldfs.com; Grant, Michael
Subject:	Commercial insurance survey
Attachments:	mccarty letter final.doc

Please see attached letter to Commissioner McCarty.
Maureen Garrard, Senior Legislative Aide
Representative Michael Grant, District 71
18500 Murdock Circle, 5th Floor
Pt Charlotte, FL  33948
941-613-0914
941-613-0916 (fax)
From:	RUTH ACOSTA <tahina69de@yahoo.de>
Sent:	Thursday, July 13, 2006 10:22 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	[*] UD ES MI ENLACE

MR ULI SENT LAST NIGHT MATTHIAS TO EXECUTE BUT I CAN ALIVE  LAS PERDIDAS DUELEN MUCHISIMO TODOS LOS IMPLICADOES ESTAN FUERTEMENTE ARMADOS YO SOY HANDICAP DESPUES DEL ATAQUE DE FERNANDEZ DE ANTHRAX LUEGO LAS SUCESIVAS BALACERAS EL DECRETO DE MI PADRE CELESTIAL  ENTE MARCIANO ERA PARA DARME LA PRESIDENCIA DE LA REPDOM DESDE EL1996    el 21 es la firma  por telepatia mi padre me indica QUE AL SR RECUERDE QUE LA NENA RUTH FUE VENDIDA ROJA POR EL MISMO A GINA EN STO DOGO MODISTAS QUE TIENEN NINAS MUCHACHAS EN AQUELLA EPOCA EL NEGRITO FUE PAGADO PARA VIOLARME Y AHOGARME EN BOCA CHICA EL ERA UN DELINCUENTE  QUE PASABA DROGAS EN EL BARRIO DE VILLA JUANA  ME INTOXICARON CON ALCOHOL Y LAMBI Y LO DE LAS TORRES GEMELAS ES UNA VENGANZA PORQUE YO PUDE VIAJAR A OTROS PAISES AHORA MAS DE TREINTA PAISES VISITADOS  OBVIO LOS PUNTOS Y LAS COMAS PORQUE SON MENSAJES DE INTELIGENCIA MI PADRE NO QUIERE MAS ABUSO SI YO YA LE DI A WASHINGTON LA FORMULA COMPLETA DEL VIH PORQUE EL NO ME PAGA MIS INVESTIGACIONES PARA ESTUDIAR MEDICINA HAY COGER LUCHA ME FAJE A BUSCAR LA FORMULA Y DIOS ME LA DIO COMPLETA ESA MUJER DR EN QUIMICA MERKEL TIENE ASCCESO A LABORATORIOS DE HONGOS VIRUS BACTERIAS PODRIA SER QUE ELLOS CREARAN EL AIDS PARA INFECTAR LA HUMANIDAD  TODAS LAS NOCHES AUNQU UN AGENTE CIA FBI SS VATICANO NO ENTRE ENTRAN DELINCUENTES PAGADOS POR LAURA BUSH O MERKEL Y NO LOGRAN ANIQUILARME  LADILLAS POR DOQUIER LAS MUJERS ME ENSUCIAN MIS BANOS ALFOMBRAS HECHAN TIERRA EN LA CASA EL ULTIMO ATAQUE CON LEJIA A MI ROPA NEGRA SILICIO PUDE EVITARLO A TIEMPO ESPERE



  _____  

NEU: Fragen stellen - Wissen, Meinungen und Erfahrungen teilen. Jetzt auf Yahoo! Clever.
From:	ross greybill <ross2vegas@peoplepc.com>
Sent:	Thursday, July 13, 2006 10:15 AM
To:	pa
Cc:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Emailing:CRY ME A RIVER
Attachments:	bill_and_hillary_clinton-vi.jpg

I WAS A STAUNCH G.O.P BUT AFTER WATCHING THE CORRUPTION AVAILABLE BY OUR FL.SENATORS, NO-ONE EVEN MENTIONS HARRIS TAKING KICKBACKS FROM DENFENSE CONTRACTOR (SEE HER WEB SITE) AND BILL NELSON VOTING FOR "SHAMNESTY" BILL (BUT HES NOT GOP) AND MEL (ENGLISH IS MY SECOND LANGUAGE) MARTINEZ VOTED FOR (S2611) ALLOWING "ILLEGAL" ALIENS AMNESTY,ALLOWNG RETRO SOCIAL SECURITY, EARNED INCOME CREDIT, JOB SECURITY(CANT BE FIRED) ECT..ECT.. ALL FOR JUST BREAKING A LAW..AND THEN ON THE 2 AMENDMENTS TO WHEATHER ENGLISH SHOULD BE OUR NATIONAL LANGUAGE, HE DECIDED NOT TO VOTE ON EITHER ONE?? HE DIDNT THINK IT WAS IMPORTANT ENOUGH?? WHAT THE HELL??THIS IS INEXCUSABLE FOR A PUBLIC SERVANT..HE FORGOT HE TOOK AND OATH TO BE THE VOICE OF HIS PERSPECTIVE DISTRICT..AHHH  NOVEMBER CANT COME QUICK ENOUGH...AMERICA AND FLORIDA ARE MAD..AND WE CAN AND WILL CHECK ALL VOTING RECORDS OF ALL ELECTED OFFICIALS..GOP OR DEM.
Free Republic
Home · Browse · Search 	Pings · Mail 	News/Activism
Topics · Post Article 	
  _____  


Skip to comments. 

2006 Q3 FReepathon. Target: $68,000	 Receipts & Pledges to-date: $58,083	
85%	  	
Woo hoo!! Less than 15 percent to go!! Thank you all very much!!	

Katherine Harris's Campaign Staff To Resign
National Journal Hotline ^ | 7/13/06


Posted on 07/13/2006 6:25:07 AM PDT by MplsSteve


The high command of Rep. Katherine Harris's FL Senate bid plans to resign by the end of the week, two people familiar with the campaign tell the Hotline. 

The departing staff includes Glen Hodas, Harris's campaign manager, her spokesperson, Chris Ingram, and Pat Thomas, her field director. The status of Harris's chief fundraiser, Erin Delullo, is not clear. 

The resignations will take effect by Friday, according to the sources. TooConservative, a Virginia-based blog, first reported this afternoon that several staffers would quit. 

One person involved in the campaign said there was no single precipitating factor. "She's just very difficult to work with. It's all the same stuff. The more than we put her out there, the more she shot herself in the foot," this person said.


(Excerpt) Read more at hotlineblog.nationaljournal.com ...

  _____  

TOPICS: Miscellaneous; News/Current Events; Politics/Elections; US: Florida; Click to Add Topic
KEYWORDS: Click to Add Keyword 
  _____  

Somewhere...there is another young liberal couple just waiting for THEIR chance. 
Support Free Republic and dash their hopes! 
 

Donate Here By Secure Server 

Or mail checks to
FreeRepublic , LLC
PO BOX 9771
FRESNO, CA 93794

or you can use 

PayPal at Jimrob@psnw.com 

STOP BY AND BUMP THE FUNDRAISER THREAD-
It is in the breaking news sidebar! 
  _____  

[ Report Abuse | Bookmark ]
  _____  

Interesting article. 

I hadn't heard anything bad coming from Harris' campaign for over a month now - so I was thinking "Hey, maybe the staff has got her turned around and on message". Well, it appears I guessed wrong. 

Increasingly (and unfortunately), it appears as though Bill Nelson has sewed up a second term in the Senate. It's too bad because the GOP really needed that seat too - considering we may lose Burns and/or Santorum. 

Opinions or comments - anyone?


1 posted on 07/13/2006 6:25:08 AM PDT by MplsSteve 
[ Post Reply | Private Reply | View Replies | Report Abuse ]
  _____  

To: MplsSteve

One word: megalomaniac. Harris is delusional.


2 posted on 07/13/2006 6:28:04 AM PDT by austinrepub 
[ Post Reply | Private Reply | To 1 | View Replies | Report Abuse ]
  _____  

To: Clintonfatigued; fieldmarshaldj


3 posted on 07/13/2006 6:30:21 AM PDT by MplsSteve 
[ Post Reply | Private Reply | To 1 | View Replies | Report Abuse ]
  _____  

To: MplsSteve

I like Harris, but she's tried to rise too far, too fast in the GOP. We had a woman Senator back in the 80's and she was voted out after one term, in favor of Bob Graham. Florida is wierd when it come to senators. SOme they keep around forever, like Chiles, and some they toss after a term or two.........


4 posted on 07/13/2006 6:30:57 AM PDT by Red Badger (Is Castro dead yet?........) 
[ Post Reply | Private Reply | To 1 | View Replies | Report Abuse ]
  _____  

To: MplsSteve

Wow. Like many here, I was hoping against hope that Harris would do well and all this personality stuff was simply a minor thing, but increasingly it has become very hard not to conclude that Ms. Harris has too prickly of a personality for public service. That is a shame.


5 posted on 07/13/2006 6:30:57 AM PDT by Obadiah (I wanted to play Mousetrap. You roll the dice, you move your mice. Nobody gets hurt.) 
[ Post Reply | Private Reply | To 1 | View Replies | Report Abuse ]
  _____  

To: MplsSteve

I would much rather have Harris than Nelson, but it ain't gonna happen, so if there is someone else on the primary ballot, I'm voting for him. Either way, I'm voting GOP in Nov., though.


6 posted on 07/13/2006 6:33:12 AM PDT by Brilliant 
[ Post Reply | Private Reply | To 1 | View Replies | Report Abuse ]
  _____  

To: MplsSteve

I wish Ms. Harris the best, especially with her upcoming surgery. 

But when staff worker after staff worker resigns, I don't think he problem is the staff worker. 

There have been more turnovers in this campaign than during a New Orleans Saints football game.


7 posted on 07/13/2006 6:33:15 AM PDT by dawn53 
[ Post Reply | Private Reply | To 1 | View Replies | Report Abuse ]
  _____  

To: MplsSteve

I guess all of those knives to the back from the Family Bush and the GOP establishment have finally bled this campaign to death.


8 posted on 07/13/2006 6:37:29 AM PDT by Buckeye Battle Cry (Life is too short to go through it clenched of sphincter and void of humor - it's okay to laugh.) 
[ Post Reply | Private Reply | To 1 | View Replies | Report Abuse ]
  _____  

To: MplsSteve

Having Katherine Harris running for the Senate is kind of like Newt Gingrich running for President. 

Maybe they both have good ideas, but in a lot of people's eyes they are damaged goods who should stay permanently in the background.


9 posted on 07/13/2006 6:38:44 AM PDT by D-Chivas 
[ Post Reply | Private Reply | To 1 | View Replies | Report Abuse ]
  _____  

To: Buckeye Battle Cry

More like self-induced wounds..at least be honest. Seems the Bush family knew things that only her staff members know now.


10 posted on 07/13/2006 6:39:35 AM PDT by Hildy 
[ Post Reply | Private Reply | To 8 | View Replies | Report Abuse ]
  _____  

To: Buckeye Battle Cry
I guess all of those knives to the back from the Family Bush and the GOP establishment have finally bled this campaign to death. 

Yeah. It can't possibly be that Harris is impossible to work with. 

In my company, when sales rep after sales rep from the same unit resigns, and gives as the reason the sales manager, the sales manager is soon gone himself. 

The Bushes have nothing to do with her prickly personality.


11 posted on 07/13/2006 6:41:13 AM PDT by sinkspur (Today, we settled all family business.) 
[ Post Reply | Private Reply | To 8 | View Replies | Report Abuse ]
  _____  

To: MplsSteve
It's too bad because the GOP really needed that seat too - considering we may lose Burns and/or Santorum.

Considering that Florida's Senators are Nelson and Martinez, we don't have a conservative to represent us in the Senate. At best, Martinez is a RINO - at worst, he is training to become John McCain's replacement in the Senate.

12 posted on 07/13/2006 6:42:08 AM PDT by DustyMoment (FloriDUH - proud inventors of pregnant/hanging chads and judicide!!) 
[ Post Reply | Private Reply | To 1 | View Replies | Report Abuse ]
  _____  

To: DustyMoment

Jeb Bush your phone is ringing. 

Come on Jeb. It's all yours. Just say yes.


13 posted on 07/13/2006 6:56:07 AM PDT by JBR34 
[ Post Reply | Private Reply | To 12 | View Replies | Report Abuse ]
  _____  

To: dawn53

She's had more staff changes than Van Halen has had lead singers.


14 posted on 07/13/2006 6:57:14 AM PDT by Lx (Do you like it, do you like it. Scott? I call it Mr. and Mrs. Tennerman chili.) 
[ Post Reply | Private Reply | To 7 | View Replies | Report Abuse ]
  _____  

To: JulieRNR21
Ping. 

5.56mm


15 posted on 07/13/2006 6:58:32 AM PDT by M Kehoe 
[ Post Reply | Private Reply | To 1 | View Replies | Report Abuse ]
  _____  

To: MplsSteve

Wasn't she just diagnosed with ovarian cancer? That might be part of the equation.


16 posted on 07/13/2006 6:58:57 AM PDT by Aggie Mama 
[ Post Reply | Private Reply | To 1 | View Replies | Report Abuse ]
  _____  

To: austinrepub

I don't know if she is delusional, but Mrs. Harris sure is the problem with this campaign. 

I've worked on a lot of campaigns, and when you have this many staff leaving it points right at the candidate. Simple as that. 

Too bad Mr. Nelson gets to walk back into office. He could have been licked with a slightly more than mediocre candidate. Mrs. Harris isn't that candidate. Pity.


17 posted on 07/13/2006 6:59:03 AM PDT by RexBeach ("There is no substitute for victory." -Douglas MacArthur) 
[ Post Reply | Private Reply | To 2 | View Replies | Report Abuse ]
  _____  

To: MplsSteve
It's the people's will, that Harris run and win the Senate seat. Not the GOP beltway elite 

It was the people's will that Harriette Not be appointed to the Supreme court and she wasn't. 

Harris is a WOMAN , with all the required positive attributes. Women seldom lose.


18 posted on 07/13/2006 6:59:12 AM PDT by duckln (Pres McCain,VP Graham, and 5 RINOS highjacked our constitution) 
[ Post Reply | Private Reply | To 1 | View Replies | Report Abuse ]

Disclaimer: Opinions posted on Free Republic are those of the individual posters and do not necessarily represent the opinion of Free Republic or its management. All materials posted herein are protected by copyright law and the exemption for fair use of copyrighted works. 

Free Republic
Home · Browse · Search 	Pings · Mail 	News/Activism
Topics · Post Article 	
  _____  

FreeRepublic, LLC, PO BOX 9771, FRESNO, CA 93794 
FreeRepublic.com is powered by software copyright 2000-2003 Robinson-DeFehr Consulting, LLC. 
From:	Tony Caputo <tmcaputo@peoplepc.com>
Sent:	Thursday, July 13, 2006 9:53 AM
To:	Senator Bill Nelson
Subject:	[*] UUNITED STATES IS STUPID!!!!!!!!!!!!!

 
DEAR FLORIDA SENATOR BILL NELSON:  NO DISRESPECT INTENDED BUT WHY IS THE UNITED STATES SO STUPID??????YOU NEVER, EVER HELP THE ENEMY AND ANYONE WHO IS ANTI-AMERICAN!!! WHAT IS UP WITH THIS???WE HAVE AMERICANS WHO CAN NOT AFFORD HOMES, MEDICAL INSURANCE, GO TO BED HUNGRY, VETERANS LIVING IN THE STREETS, FELONS WALKING THE STREETS BECAUSE WE DO NOT HAVE ENOUGH PRISONS? WHAT THE HELL IS GOING ON? RESPECTFULLY YOURS,  TONY CAPUTO OF VENICE, FLORIDA.  AN AMERICAN CITIZEN AND VETERAN.  KINDLY SCROLL DOWN..................................................p.s.: To the American citizen, wake the hell up, get these bums out of office and raise hell with your politicians.  This is why we get pushed around. Stop leaving the fight to someone else. Get on the phone, write letters, send emails, send faxed, pass this email on to everyone on your mailing list......
Subject: This is amazing



How they vote in the United Nations: 



Below are the actual voting records of various Arabic/Islamic States which are recorded in both the US State Department and United Nations records: 



Kuwait votes against the United States 67% of the time 



Qatar votes against the United States 67% of the time 



Morocco votes against the United States 70% of the time 



United Arab Emirates votes against the U. S. 70% of the time. 



Jordan votes against the United States 71% of the time. 



Tunisia votes against the United States 71% of the time. 



Saudi Arabia votes against the United States 73% of the time. 



Yemen votes against the United States 74% of the time. 



Algeria votes against the United States 74% of the time. 



Oman votes against the United States 74% of the time. 



Sudan votes against the United States 75% of the time. 



Pakistan votes against the United States 75% of the time. 



Libya votes against the United States 76% of the time. 



Egypt votes against the United States 79% of the time. 



Lebanon votes against the United States 80% of the time. 



India votes against the United States 81% of the time. 



Syria votes against the United States 84% of the time. 



Mauritania votes against the United States 87% of the time. 



U S Foreign Aid to those that hate us: 



Egypt, for example, after voting 79% of the time against the United States, still receives $2 billion annually in US Foreign Aid. 



Jordan votes 71% against the United States 



And receives $192,814,000 annually in US Foreign Aid. 



Pakistan votes 75% against the United States 



Receives $6,721,000 annually in US Foreign Aid. 



India votes 81% against the United States 



Receives $143,699,000 annually. 



Perhaps it is time to get out of the UN and give the tax savings back to the American workers who are having to skimp and sacrifice to pay the taxes (and gasoline). 



Pass this along to every taxpaying citizen you know. 



<![endif]>
Disgusting isn't it? 

. 

From:	Roberts, Ernetta <roberts.ernetta@MAIL.DC.STATE.FL.US>
Sent:	Thursday, July 13, 2006 9:53 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	FW: [*] Re: Read: Inmates at Okalooska Correctional facility being falsely charged

Sorry....message was intended for DC staff. 

EPR 

-----Original Message-----
From: Governor Jeb Bush [mailto:Jeb.Bush@MyFlorida.com] 
Sent: Thursday, July 13, 2006 9:52 AM
To: Roberts, Ernetta
Subject: RE: [*] Re: Read: Inmates at Okalooska Correctional facility
being falsely charged

????

-----Original Message-----
From: Roberts, Ernetta [mailto:roberts.ernetta@MAIL.DC.STATE.FL.US]
Sent: Thursday, July 13, 2006 9:44 AM
To: Governor Jeb Bush
Subject: RE: [*] Re: Read: Inmates at Okalooska Correctional facility
being falsely charged


Eb, get with me on this. 

EPR

-----Original Message-----
From: Governor Jeb Bush [mailto:Jeb.Bush@MyFlorida.com] 
Sent: Thursday, July 13, 2006 9:28 AM
To: Roberts, Ernetta
Subject: FW: [*] Re: Read: Inmates at Okalooska Correctional facility
being falsely charged



-----Original Message-----
From: Debmelanie [mailto:Debmelanie@comcast.net]
Sent: Wednesday, July 12, 2006 9:30 PM
To: Governor Jeb Bush
Subject: [*] Re: Read: Inmates at Okalooska Correctional facility being
falsely charged


I have not heard a word back from your office. Who do I need to talk 
to?  Thanks.

Debbie Kuhn

Debmelanie@comcast.net




Governor Jeb Bush wrote:

>Your message
>
>  To:      Governor Jeb Bush
>  Cc:      debmelanie@comcast.net
>  Subject: Inmates at Okalooska Correctional facility being falsely
>charged
>  Sent:    Fri, 7 Jul 2006 19:39:21 -0400
>
>was read on Mon, 10 Jul 2006 07:27:40 -0400
>  
>
>-----------------------------------------------------------------------
-
>
>Final-Recipient: RFC822; Jeb.Bush@MyFlorida.com
>Disposition: automatic-action/MDN-sent-automatically; displayed
>X-MSExch-Correlation-Key: Dpb8N2aV+0elgiOWBndc4Q==
>Original-Message-ID: <44AEF0A9.1030006@comcast.net>
>  
>


From:	Larry & Catherine Mussman <Boc2fly@aol.com>
Sent:	Thursday, July 13, 2006 9:30 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Please read my article in the Sun Sentinel--Thank You

http://www.sun-sentinel.com/news/opinion/letters/sfl-pbmail894jul13,0,7550803.story
From:	papomd@aol.com
Sent:	Thursday, July 13, 2006 9:17 AM
To:	president@whitehouse.gov
Cc:	Governor Jeb Bush; info@rnc.org

 Dear Sir:
    Please, why don't you grow some testicles, and prosecute those Sobs in the press that have placed us in a difficult position to wage the war on terrorists. Stop pussy footing to them, ignore their programs and back those that favor you. You will never get those traitors to see it your way. Wage war on them, also, as they are your enemy.
                                                         Sincerely,
                                                                      Jose Luis Benitez MD
                                                                      Coral Gables, FL
  _____  

MailScanner has detected a possible fraud attempt from "pr.atwola.com" claiming to be Check out AOL.com today. Breaking news, video search, pictures, email and IM. All on demand. Always Free.

From:	MClark8360@aol.com
Sent:	Thursday, July 13, 2006 8:49 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	 Electric Cars in Tallahassee??

07/13/06
The Electric Car Movie will be in your area next month.
 
TALLAHASSEE - MIRACLE FIVE,  8/11/06
 
!! CHARGE UP !!  --- NOT FILL UP
 
 
www.sonyclassics.com/whokilledtheelectriccar/electric.html
 
Thanks 
Michael Clark 
293 Tatum Rd SW
Palm Bay, FL 32908
321 394-5595 cell
 
From:	Pam <ddpam@charter.net>
Sent:	Thursday, July 13, 2006 8:45 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush; escorsone@aol.com
Cc:	Farris, Lori (KYOAG); warren@iplaw1.net; Justice, Carolyn; jbruno@splcenter.org; perch_toby@gowebway.com
Subject:	A book that was suggested to me

Now that you have read and learned about epigenetics.  Here is another 
for you that someone suggested to me yesterday. The End of Medicine: How 
Silicon Valley (And Naked Mice) Will Reboot Your Doctor  Keep in mind 
that the mandate for physicians at least in that which I read of their 
licensure requirements is "to know symptoms and symptom treatments".  
That's a big job now.  The law needs to change to allow the other 
paradigms that are trained to "prevent" those symptoms to work without 
the physicians overseeing it.  Why put someone in charge and pay them 
when they have not training or knowledge in the fields they are required 
to oversee??????  Change the law so the Silicon Valley folks and others 
can work legally.
At the very least would someone please educate both Dr. Taylor and David 
Williams to the fact that a pharmacy school is probably not going to be 
as necessary in the future as the past.  Once again KY copying things 
that were successful in other places years ago. 
Ernesto, you can use the epigenetics to dispute the research developing 
at UK that says you are disabled.
Yesterday someone wrote this to me:
"We need cutting edge people, we need new thinkers, we need new ideas 
because all we have it seems is more and more medocracy and same ol' 
same ol'    That's how I see it."  I agree with him, but the actions of 
others in KY that people in other states and countries have observed 
over the last several years have shown that he and I are in the minority 
because others with the power to do so have stomped creative thinkers 
and chased them away or done enough things to them to keep them from 
working in KY even if they stayed as I did.  I also appreciated his 
asking my permission to pray for my family and me.  HE saw the impact 
the choices had on them. 
Isn't it interesting that the person who now has the most ability to cut 
medical costs and improve health around the world is a person who would 
have an understanding of the book.  Perhaps though I appreciated the 
offer of the prayers for my family, that they should all go in the 
direction of Bill and Melinda Gates and Warren Buffet and those who 
follow their lead.  That would be faster than working through court and 
insurance systems though that is also an option.
Now I have to get back to the garage clean out and the database design 
plus replace a computer that died yesterday.  Luckily one of those is 
already on its way.  NOW it looks as if another will have to be ordered.
Good by and good luck,
Pam

From:	ratech <ratech@bigpond.com>
Sent:	Thursday, July 13, 2006 8:35 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush; comments@whitehouse.gov; governor@governor.ca.gov
Subject:	Hurrican season - disaster planning - To Mr Jeb Bush

To Mr Bush,
 
I just contacted Ms Blanco in Louisiana, and suggested that what is needed in any hurricane disaster, is interstate cooperation and help schemes.
 
I put your name down being the nearest state, followed by Indiana.
 
What is needed is that you people preplan disaster management, especially not just thinking of being in charge, managing the military, and keeping the peace, but really to encourage a community spirit of cooperation.
 
Especially, a major problem last time, was that hospitals were not helped enough, and many people in hospitals, drowned, because noone was there to help them to high ground.  This type of disaster management needs to be preplanned.
 
You USAians, are not without vehicles, and you are not without people who go out of their way to help others.
 
So, issue a public statement that what is needed in a disaster, is for civil minded people, who have public safety records, or are not criminals, to make contact with the hospitals, and offer their services, as patient transport together with staff and patient of course (together for safety reasons), and make sure it doesn't happen again.
 
Every society and society subgroup has their limitations.  We know the USAians, are really big big people who have big big ideas, and sometimes, big people miss the little pointers, which other people might not.
 
So community spirit is what you are aiming for.  Interstate cooperation is what you are aiming for.
 
Set yourself a plan of action, to move people to high ground have have food and water preplanned if possible.  It is work, it is healthy planning, and will do the USA  a lot of good to think more of itself, rather than go overseas all the time, hoping to help, but not helping itself.
 
Thanks for your time.
Regards from Australia
From:	Tim O'Connor <tmoconnor@comcast.net>
Sent:	Thursday, July 13, 2006 8:12 AM
To:	Brenda.R.Williams@dep.state.fl.us
Cc:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Sandler Ranch

Brenda,
 
This message was received by Jim Ley, Sarasota County Administrator.  The tone of his e-mail is quite clear,  "too bad" Sarasota County supports a polluting business and DEP backs us up.  The Herald-Tribune recently did a major article about Mr. Ley and Sarasota County Commissioners and their relationships to the business community.  Who in Government will stand up for the Environment?  This guy feels that DEP will back him up and is gloating!
 
Please forward to me the position of DEP in this matter and a copy of your inspection report.
 
Tim O'Connor
 
 
----- Original Message ----- 
From: "James Ley" <JLEY@scgov.net>
To: <tmoconnor@comcast.net>
Sent: Wednesday, July 12, 2006 5:45 PM
Subject: Re: Fw: Sandler Ranch 6/28/06 inspection


Tim

Just because you don't get the answer you want doesn't mean someone is 
ineffective.  DEP coroborated County staff work on this case. I am sorry if 
you are disappointed but our job is to do justice to a circumstance based on 
fact and within the limits of the law, offering due process for all parties.

Jim Ley

From:	Sandy Robinson <helmhog@yahoo.com>
Sent:	Thursday, July 13, 2006 8:02 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Sara Devos

Hurricane Charley totally destroyed our house in 2004.  We rebuilt and have moved bask in.  Sara Devos is an example of what not to do after a hurricane.  She is still in limbo after almost two years.  Where on earth can she lead us?
 
Sandra Robinson
2856 Coral Court
Punta Gorda, FL 33950
941-639-6980
 

    

From:	JWK <jkenney1@tampabay.rr.com>
Sent:	Thursday, July 13, 2006 7:29 AM
To:	lorri@sptimes.com
Cc:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Schiavo nurse may lose license:  Great Article

Great Article:  I hope she loses her licence.  I would not want someone who lies and breaks the law caring for me.
 

Schiavo nurse may lose license



The state says she broke the rules by discussing the case on national television.


By LORRI HELFAND, Times Staff Writer
Published July 13, 2006

  _____  


The state wants to revoke the license of a nurse who cared for Terri Schiavo because she discussed Schiavo's medical condition on national TV.

Carla Sauer-Iyer said on CNN and other stations last year that Schiavo laughed, told the staff she was in pain, said "Mommy" and "Help me" and ate pudding and milkshakes.

Schiavo, for years the center of national controversy, died March 31, 2005, 13 days after her feeding tube was removed.

Now the Florida Health Department says Sauer-Iyer, 42, a registered nurse who works in Lakeland, improperly disclosed confidential patient information.

Sauer-Iyer, who worked for Palm Garden of Largo as a licensed practical nurse while Schiavo was there, said she was only rehashing on TV what she said in two affidavits, one of which she provided at the request of Gov. Jeb Bush's legal team.

"This was my First Amendment right," she said.

The state disagrees.

Divulging confidential patient information violates state code and federal law, said Florida Health Department spokesman Doc Kokol.

The case against Sauer-Iyer began on March 28, 2005, when the Health Department received a complaint from a Massachusetts registered nurse who said Sauer-Iyer made "unsubstantiated comments" on CNN "that with 'just a little bit of therapy' Mrs. Schiavo could be rehabilitated."

Two months ago, the state offered to settle the complaint if Sauer-Iyer gave up her nursing license, paid up to $1,683 in administrative costs and agreed not to apply for a license in the future.

Sauer-Iyer refused and requested an administrative hearing. No date has been set for that hearing.

"It will kill me if I can't practice nursing, if I can't help people have a fair chance at rehabilitation and help people get better," said Sauer-Iyer of Plant City.

Michael Schiavo, who bore the brunt of Sauer-Iyer's accusations, said she "violated her oath" and "is getting what she deserves."

Sauer-Iyer stated in affidavits that Michael Schiavo often was gleeful when his wife was sick, blurting out statements like, "I'm going to be rich!" She also quoted him saying, "When is that b---- gonna die?"

Sauer-Iyer is lying, Michael Schiavo said.

"Where's the proof?" asked Schiavo, 43, a registered nurse and registered respiratory therapist. "Why would she be the only one that ever heard that?"

While federal privacy regulations allow the release of patient information in some judicial proceedings, that doesn't open the door to discussing it on TV or elsewhere, said George Annas, chairman of the department of health law, bioethics and human rights at Boston University School of Public Health.

Seven years after she cared for Schiavo, Sauer-Iyer said in affidavits that Schiavo communicated clearly, ate from a baby bottle and chuckled when Sauer-Iyer told her humorous stories.

"If that ever happened, it was never on my shift," said Carolyn "Andi" Adams, 68, a licensed practical nurse who worked at Palm Garden at the time.

The chances of Schiavo recovering the ability to talk, clothe herself or take care of her bodily needs "were close to zero," said Dr. Leon Prockop, a professor of neurology at the University of South Florida who has reviewed Terri Schiavo's CT scans and her postmortem neurological report. "The brain cells that serve those functions were not present in her brain."

Sauer-Iyer said she filed a report with the Pinellas County Sheriff's Office in 1996 saying she found a vial of insulin in the trash after Michael Schiavo visited Terri Schiavo.

The Sheriff's Office has no record of the complaint, but does have a July 23, 1996, report in which Sauer-Iyer said Adams may have put threatening notes on her car. Adams said she knew nothing of that.

Sauer-Iyer's affidavit said she regularly informed Terri Schiavo's parents about their daughter's condition in the mid 1990s.

In response to the affidavit, Pinellas-Pasco Circuit Judge George Greer concluded that it's "impossible to believe" that Terri Schiavo's parents wouldn't have subpoenaed her to testify years earlier.

On Oct. 17, 2003, two days after Terri Schiavo's feeding tube was removed the second time, Sauer-Iyer filed a complaint to the Pinellas County Sheriff's Office about Michael Schiavo, saying she found a vial of insulin in a trash can after he visited Terri one day in 1996, but saw no syringes and never saw anyone give Schiavo a shot.

State investigators reviewed nine years of medical records but found no signs of any problems with Terri Schiavo's glucose levels, which would be affected had she received insulin injections, according to records released in April 2005.

On March 18, 2005, Terri's feeding tube was removed for the third time. That week, Sauer-Iyer made her claims on CNN and other TV shows.

Sauer-Iyer thinks she's being persecuted because of her involvement in the case but said she has no regrets even if she loses her license.

"I live a 24-karat life," Sauer-Iyer said. "I have clean hands. I'll be disappointed, but I'll know I've done the right thing."

From:	MHECKAFCM@aol.com
Sent:	Thursday, July 13, 2006 5:54 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Laws/Common Sense

Where does crime start?  A thought, over the last several years I have noticed, new laws  enacted for Minors, i.e.; curfews, riding bicycles without helmets, riding four wheeler/pocket motorcycles on public streets.  Problem is, you never see these laws enforced.  What it is teaching the young children, is that you can make a choice of what laws you want to obey and those you can ignore.  You see more too often  these children getting injured/killed and no one is being held responsible.  If we are not going to enforce these laws, there is no need in having them.
 
In Jacksonville, I have seen Community Service Officers and Police Officers just pass on by these children braking these laws.  Even the School system is letting these children down, by letting them ride their bicycles to school without their helmets.  I guess we want to teach them, pick and choose the rules and laws you want to obey.  This seems so nit picking, but where do you start?  Make the parents responsible, let them know there are consequences.
 
I have passed my concern on to Mayor Peyton and he agreed and said he would pass my email on to the Sheriff several months ago.  Whether that happened or not, I have no idea.  
 
Just Food for Thought,
 
Thank You,
 
Mike
From:	Mike Ledbetter <unitedstatesofamericacitizen@hotmail.com>
Sent:	Thursday, July 13, 2006 5:24 AM
To:	Vice_President@whitehouse.gov; comments@whitehouse.gov
Cc:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	North Korea and China
Attachments:	North Korea and China.wps.doc

Vice President's staff:


           I hope all of you are doing good today.  Please review the 
attached document and insure that the Vice President and President get a 
copy of it.  Thank you.

                                                                             
                 Sincerely,

                                                                             
                 Mike Ledbetter



We would be better off having China occupy the territory
of North Korea rather than North Korea's current government
continuing to occupy it.

_________________________________________________________________
Express yourself instantly with MSN Messenger! Download today - it's FREE! 
http://messenger.msn.click-url.com/go/onm00200471ave/direct/01/
From:	zeki kentel <zkentel2001@yahoo.com>
Sent:	Thursday, July 13, 2006 5:12 AM
To:	govdocs@umich.edu; constituentsvcs@governor.state; office_of_the_governor@gov.sta; mike.huckabee@state.ar.us; governor@governor.ca.gov; governorowens@state.co.us; governor.rowland@po.state.ct.u; Governor.Rowland@po.state.ct.u; gminner@state.de.us; Governor Jeb Bush; gov@hawaii.gov; governor@state.il.us; fobannon@state.in.us; governor@state.ks.us; governor@mail.state.ky.us
Subject:	THE  WHOLE  OF  IRAQ  HAS  BECOME ABU GHRAIB

The whole of Iraq has become Abu Ghraib

By Haifa Zangana 
 
http://www.informationclearinghouse.info/article13913.htm

Our streets are prison corridors and our homes cells as the occupiers go about their strategic humiliation and intimidation.

07/06/06 "The Guardian" -- -- A'beer Qassim al-Janaby, a 15-year-old Iraqi girl, was with her family in Mahmudiyah, 20 miles south of Baghdad, when US troops raided the house. A group of soldiers have been charged with her rape and the murder of her father, mother, and nine-year-old sister. They are also accused of setting A'beer's body on fire.

The al-Janaby family lived near a US checkpoint, and the killings happened at 2pm on March 11. As usual, a US spokesman ascribed the killings to "Sunni Arab insurgents active in the area", contrary to local eyewitnesses.


A'beer's rape and murder is neither incidental nor the product of a US soldier's "personality disorder": it is part of a pattern that includes Abu Ghraib, as well as the Haditha, Ishaqi and Qaiem
massacres. And we see this pattern as serving a strategic function beyond indiscriminate revenge: to couple collective humiliation with intimidation and terror.


Today, four years into the Anglo-American occupation, the whole of Iraq has become Abu Ghraib, with our streets as prison corridors and homes as cells. Iraqis are attacked in detention, on the streets and in their homes.


It took almost a year, and published photographs of horrific torture in Abu Ghraib, before the world began to heed the voices of the detainees and those trying to defend them. The same is happening to women victims.


Abuses, torture and the rape of Iraqi women have been reported for three years now by independent Iraqi organisations. But the racist logic of occupation means that occupied people are not to be trusted,  and truth is the private ownership of the occupiers.

Families of the abused, raped, and killed Iraqi civilians have to wait for months, if not years, until a US soldier comes forward to admit responsibility and the US military begins an investigation. (For the US military to investigate a US soldier's crime has been seen by Iraqis as the killers investigating their own technical skills.)
 
On the October 19 2005, Freedom Voice, an Iraqi Human Rights society, reported the rape of three women from the "Saad Bin Abi Waqqas neighbourhood" in Tell Afar after a US raid.

The alleged rape took place by soldiers inside the women's own house after the arrest of their male relatives. Medical sources in the town said one of the women died. A US commander ordered some soldiers detained, and no more was heard of this.

Immunity from prosecution under Iraqi or international law is the main fact of the occupation and renders laughable any claims of sovereignty. It is based on UN security council resolution 1546 and
the accompanying exchange of letters between Iraqi and American authorities. This immunity applies equally to the marine units accused of roaming our streets high on drugs and to advisers running ministries, to prison guards, security guards, multinational forces and corporate contractors of all kinds.

 
The Iraqi women's ordeal began the moment occupation forces descended upon them. Most arrests and raids take place after midnight. In some neighborhoods, women now sleep fully dressed so as not to be caught in their nightgowns. Armoured cars and helicopters are sometimes deployed
in raids, in a variant on "shock and awe". Troops force women and children to watch as they deliberately humiliate their husbands, sons or fathers, and sometimes order them to take pictures with US soldiers' cameras. Money and jewellery are taken. Are these "terrorist assets confiscated" or spoils of war? 

Random arrests, rapes and killings by the occupation forces continue under the so-called "national unity government", which renewed their mandate and immunity while at the same time talking of a "national reconciliation initiative".

Despite all the rhetoric, a female minister for human rights and dozens of US-funded Iraqi women's organisations, the only outcry we have heard condemning the rape of A' beer and the plight of Iraqi
women under occupation is from the anti-occupation Islamist movement.

Occupation authorities and their puppet regime share the denial of violence against women. After the sexual abuse scandal at Abu Ghraib, the authorities talked about respecting local traditions, and the need to avoid provoking anger and give the Iraqi people the sense that the occupation recognises the sensitive status of women. 

On occasion, Iraqi collaborators joined in. On April 18 2004, the ministry of interior chief, Ahmed Youssef, issued a statement denying maltreatment of female detainees. He said: "We are Muslims. We know very well how to treat our female detainees." As if violence against women were not a universal crime. 

The abuses continue also in the puppet regime's prisons. On October 20 2005, officials of the Kazemiya women's prison reported an instance of rape. The UN was refused permission to investigate. According to a report of the UN assistance mission to Iraq, Iraqi police tortured a
woman who had been detained in Diwaniya police station since March 2005. The victim recounted that electric March 2005. The victim recounted that electric shocks were applied to her
heels. She was reportedly told her teenage daughter would be raped if she did not supply the information her interrogators wanted.

A report published by the Iraqi National Association for Human Rights on October 29 2005 found that women held in interior ministry detention centres are subject to numerous human rights violations, including "systematic rape by the investigators and ... other forms of bodily harm in order to coerce them into making confessions". The report added that prisons fail to meet even the most basic standards of hygiene, and that the women were deprived of facilities as fundamental as toilets. The ministry of justice has confirmed the accuracy of the report.

The wall of denial is cracking. On June 12, al-Jazeera showed footage of Mohammed al-Diaeny, a member of parliament, going to a prison in Baquba, near Baghdad, where men showed evidence of torture and talked of being raped. Seven women detainees were shown but refused to talk.

"Too ashamed", whispered one of them. In response, Jawad al-Bolani, minister of the interior, promised investigation. He later vowed to release all women prisoners and negotiate with the multinational forces to release theirs.

There will be no end to these violations as long as Iraq remains occupied by forces that enjoy immunity from prosecution under Iraqi law and as long as the occupation authorities continue to treat Iraqi citizens with racist contempt in order to feel better about plundering the nation's wealth and depriving its people of their most fundamental rights under international law and human rights conventions. 

The Iraqi puppet regime's promises and US investigations of the "personality disorders" of their soldiers and the "few bad apples" are irrelevant for Iraqis: for them, the Anglo-American occupation means destruction, rape and pillage.

Haifa Zangana is a novelist and former prisoner of Saddam Hussein's Iraqi regime.

  _____  

Yahoo! Music Unlimited - Access over 1 million songs. Try it free. 
From:	Cherubina Conte <cherubina26@hotmail.it>
Sent:	Thursday, July 13, 2006 4:56 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Important information for Dr. John Ellis Bush

I hope that this message would transmit as soon as it possible to Dr. John 
Ellis Bush

I am an Italian citizen and I am interesting in Economics,Foreign and 
Domestic Policy and in Finance.So I have elaborate an important and complex 
project that involved for a large part the USA and its interests and 
relationschip with Europe both in economical than consequentely in political 
field. It follow some of the main points of PNAC like the expansion of US 
business in Europe and in the next future to the other nations.But it 
contain important points and steps that must remain covered for the success 
of operation,it is the first rule of a Think tank.For this rason I cannot 
speak about it with other persons except Dr. Jeb Bush or the President and 
with your help I could save my time to contact them because I have not a lot 
of time to show my plan to White House,and I work too much at high level in 
this field to waste my time in vain attemps. I do not know your connection 
with White House but I think you have concrete possibility to transmit this 
message to them and then to Him(George W. Bush). It is not a demand used as 
a pretext but it is necessary and urgent,there si not time to waste on the 
contrary every day save will be a day erned also for your probably future as 
a President,belive me I know this field I know what I want to do.Transmit my 
request to the President as soon as it possible please.

If you want to contact me:(Please speak in Italian cause I want to be clear 
in my explanation becuse I do not speak frequently in English)

WP
0039-0114053909 ((ITALY))

_________________________________________________________________
Mondiali 2006. Scarica subito il pacchetto gratuito!  
http://mondiali.it.msn.com/

From:	infoweb@newsbank.com
Sent:	Thursday, July 13, 2006 1:44 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Requested NewsBank Article

Paper: South Florida Sun-Sentinel (Fort Lauderdale, FL)
Title: AMONG THE RANKS OF THE HOMELESS? - RESIDENTS OF AZTEC ESTATES IN MARGATE FEAR THEY MAY BE FORCED TO LEAVE THEIR MOBILE HOMES.
Author: Lisa J. Huriash Staff Writer
Date: July 9, 2006
Section: COMMUNITY NEWS
Page: 1

The letter alerted  residents  to a grim possibility: They might be forced out of their mobile home park.

    Residents of the 100-acre Aztec Estates have received a notice that Uniprop Inc., which manages the park, is considering alternatives for the property that include the sale of Aztec "in response to market conditions."

    The company's president, Roger Zlotoff, cited "a decline in occupancy" as the reason for the possibility of a sale.

    "The home sales effort has not been successful," he wrote in his letter dated June 21, which most residents received June 26. "Hurricane Wilma was a devastating blow as it destroyed many homes."

    Aztec Estates, which is off State Road 7, has 645 home sites, but only about 184 homes are occupied, management officials said. The community is marred by many mobile homes with blue tarps. Other lots are empty; those homes were demolished after crushing damage from Wilma last year. Interspersed throughout the mobile home park are about 150 Federal Emergency Management Agency trailers used to help Wilma victims left homeless.

    There is no date given for a final decision to be made, and residents don't have to start packing yet, but they are panicking about what will happen.

    Patti Pye and her husband almost two years ago sank $65,000 of their savings into a three-bedroom trailer with a 9-by-12-foot master bathroom.

    Pye said she was promised the park "would be here the next 20 years."

    The retiree said she and her husband live off a combined $2,000 Social Security each month and are terribly worried about where they will go next.

    "Ever since I got the letter I have not been sleeping," she said. "Everyone here says: `Where in the hell are we supposed to go now?' I cannot believe this is happening. I cannot believe we are going to lose everything. And I don't know what I'm going to do."

    Stanley Cyrway, 73, has lived in his mobile home with his wife, Ann, for 15 years. He  long ago paid off his $20,000 trailer and was fine getting by with $1,700 a month in Social Security and his pension.

    "You could rent for that, but you want to eat, too," Cyrway said.

    He fears his 1971 three-bedroom mobile home is too old to be moved to another location. "It'll fall apart, it'll shake apart on the highway," he said. And if he were to move to another park, "what's to stop the same thing from going on down there?"

    If Aztec is closed, the only mobile home park left in the city will be Coral Cay, which was formerly known as the Colonies of Margate.

    Aztec would be the second mobile home park in the city to be closed. Residents at Rancho Margate have until Sept. 30 to be out of their homes. The developer there is trying to receive the city's OK to build 413 townhouses just south of Sample Road at 2900 N. State Road 7 to replace the mobile home park, which also sustained extensive damage from Wilma.

    Throughout Broward County, other parks are closing, too, including locations in Coconut Creek and Fort Lauderdale.

    In Plantation, Sunshine City, which dead-ends off Broward Boulevard near State Road 84, is being closed. Affordable Residential Communities, which has owned the park since 2000, is selling the land for an undisclosed price. Company officials are blaming Wilma for extensive damage that would be too costly to pass on to residents, who have until November to leave.

    Uniprop's lobbyist, former state Rep. Jack Tobin, said it would be months before a final decision is made. He also said any move would be easier for these residents than at other parks because the company owns two mobile home parks in Davie with available units and also available lots if people have the means to move their entire homes.

    "The land has become so much more valuable than as a usage for mobile home parks," Tobin said. "He [the developer] has to first decide what he's going to do. They're looking at different options, maybe a mixed use with townhomes and villas and single-family homes, but they aren't even at that point. He has architects and engineers who are looking at the property and deciding the best use."

    Lisa J. Huriash can be reached at lhuriash@sun-sentinel.com or 954-572-2008.

Caption:
PHOTO

Caption:
HOME FRONT: Aztec Estates mobile home park residents Stanley Cyrway and neighbor Patti Pye stand in the shade as they talk about the bleak future of leaving their homes, a possibility they may face if the park is sold. They and other residents received letters notifying them of management's possible plan to sell the property to developers. Staff photo/Angel Valentin

Author: Lisa J. Huriash Staff Writer
Section: COMMUNITY NEWS
Page: 1
Dateline: MARGATE

Copyright 2006  Sun-Sentinel Company


From:	robertp@icdus.com
Sent:	Thursday, July 13, 2006 1:32 AM
To:	comments@whitehouse.gov; Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Land sale puts end to residents' way of life

This story was sent to you by: Robert Perkis

Florida citizens losing their homes, no help from the state or federal government, maybe we should ask the U.N. for assistance. Wake HUD up and tell them to help us !!!!!!

--------------------
Land sale puts end to residents' way of life 
--------------------

Jack Snyder and Lynn Thomasson
Sentinel Staff Writers

July 12, 2006

Four years ago, Mary Everson bought a mobile home in College Park so she could care for her 83-year-old mother and 85-year-old aunt. But now they've been told their quaint community could be part of a mega-development.

Demetree Builders Inc. of Orlando recently bought the half-century-old College Park Leisure Homes to make way for a $100 million-plus development of stores, offices and condominiums.

The Orange County School Board also is looking at the property as possibly part of a proposed expansion of Edgewater High School and could acquire the 133-home neighborhood.

Either way, moving day is six months or more away.

"I'm young; I can bounce back, but for all these elderly people, it's sad," said Everson, 51, who lives in the same community near her mother and aunt.

Some residents of the tightknit park -- dotted with miniature statues, tiny clay angels and other yard ornaments -- said they will go to live with relatives or temporarily stay in motels until they can find other housing. But for others, the answer is less clear.

"I think half the residents here don't have the money to move," said Ed Eagleson, 74, a retired custodian at College Park Baptist Church. Eagleson said he bought a mobile home four years ago after his wife died and he couldn't afford his house payments.

"I thought when I moved here, I was going to die here," he said.

Eagleson said he plans to move in with his daughter.

Like Eagleson, many of the residents of College Park Leisure Homes are retirees who now count their neighbors as family. They look out for one another -- cooking meals, running errands, keeping track of doctors appointments.

And they also know that on their fixed incomes, finding affordable housing is a challenge, if not impossible, especially given the Orlando area's soaring property values. Some talked about paying several hundred dollars a month to live in the Maury Road park, rather than the $1,000 or more they expect to pay elsewhere.

Everson's mother, Dorothy Everson, said she and her family have been searching for another mobile-home park and visited one, but they're worried about the cost.

"They told us you have to have an income of at least $1,500 a month. Well, I said, 'Holy mackerel! That knocks me out of the water.' "

Ron Schwartz, Demetree Builders vice president, said the company will operate the park for the time being. "But we are moving forward with our [development] plans," he said.

Those plans call for retail space, offices, more than 500 condominiums and parking garages with rooftop pools and other recreational amenities.

Schwartz earlier announced a smaller mixed-use development on the neighboring 8-acre Edgewater Corporate Center property the company owns. He said he has been trying for months to buy the mobile-home park to expand the proposed development.

The park was bought, reportedly for $8 million, from Affordable Residential Communities Inc. of Englewood, Colo. The seller owned the land and rented lots to mobile-home owners.

Both Demetree properties are just north of Edgewater High School, a growing school crowded onto 29 acres. Most high schools in Orange County are on 60 acres.

The School Board late last year voted to acquire the 8-acre property, also known as Edgewater Plaza for the shopping-center portion, suggesting a price of $7.5 million.

At the time, Schwartz argued against the acquisition, suggesting the school could benefit from the parking garages and possibly a branch YMCA.

This week, Schwartz said the company is still dealing with the School Board on the issue.

Jay Small of the law firm Wilson Garber & Small, which handles condemnation cases for the School Board, said appraisals for the initial offer for the Edgewater Corporate Center property are being prepared now.

He said the School Board staff is still studying whether the mobile-home-park property would be needed for the $65 million expansion.

"The School Board is sensitive to the issue of dislocating people," Small said.

Schwartz said the company will give residents six months' notice to move as required by law.

"I know a lot of those homes are too old to move," he said. "There are a lot of questions, and I don't have all the answers."

Called The Quad at College Park, the massive development would transform the north end of College Park.

"If we get the opportunity to do it, it's going to be a great project," Schwartz said.

The only question Florence Jacobs has is what she'll do. The 89-year-old woman, a park resident for 35 years, said she may go to live with her sister in Canada.

"I wish they'd just leave us alone," she said.

Jack Snyder can be reached at jsnyder@orlandosentinel.com or 407-420-5094. Lynn Thomasson can be reached at 407-420-5277 or lthomasson@orlandosentinel.com. 

Copyright (c) 2006, Orlando Sentinel 

Visit Sun-Sentinel.com
From:	WHTKNIGNT@comcast.net
Sent:	Thursday, July 13, 2006 12:50 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	[*] We need  J.M. EVANS,

Give us J.M. EVANS, 
 
You won't find any better than J.M. EVANS, for sheriff of Broward Co.  Please !!!!
From:	mel Pake <mmp_fms@hotmail.com>
Sent:	Thursday, July 13, 2006 12:20 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Need healthcare help!!!!

I am a desperate mom and I'm mad as H_ _ _ _,  I have spent the past four 
weeks making hundreds of dollars of phone calls to doctors and hospitals 
trying to find out how your public healthcare system works in Voulasia 
County @ the Halifax Medical Center.

I regret to inform you it doesn't work at all.  To my disappointment I have 
discovered that your public healthcare doesn't cover "acute" care for 
accidental injuries.

For the past month my grown son, who is a professional student in your stae 
and a resident since last September, has been trying to get medical 
treatment in your state health care system to no avail.

He tore his ligaments in his knee in a casual basketball game at the local 
YMCA during a summer break from school.  He has no insurance for this injury 
as his student health insurance doesn't cover this.

After calling every number at the hospital several times and getting an 
automated system, he was finally able to go in a wheelchair to apply for 
patient assistance. He has applied for the "yellow card" and received one 
for 90 days.  He was told it was for his knee only.  Last Friday he was told 
different.  Come to find out it doesn't cover the knee at all.

  Waiting to weave through the system these past four weeks has been a 
nightmare.  Here is my saga:

Long story short.  He has laid in bed for almost 4 weeks waiting to receive 
care.

As of last Thursday after a long wait for assistance and a two week wait for 
an appointment with the hospital physical therapy department he was told his 
"yellow card" didn't cover "acute care" only "chronic care."  While he met 
the financial guidelines for assistance his injury was an accident and not 
covered.

During this four weeks I have had to come up with the money for an 
orthopedic appointment that cost almost $300 and a MRI that cost almost 
$900.  The doctor recommended therapy to start immediately.  The "system" 
required him to wait to get "approved" for two weeks, an almost two week 
wait for an appointment at their "affiliated" facility and then a last 
minute phone call to inform him he wasn't "qualified."

While I am not a Florida resident myself, our family has never received 
public assistance anywhere for anything.  In this instance, our son 
desperately needs medical care but has no financial means to pay for it.  I 
help alot of people thru a free debt counseling service I provide and I've 
fought to get help for the people of really need it.  I am here to tell you 
it's not happening.

I see time and time again where illegal immigrants are receiving free 
healthcare for illegitimate babies, drug addicts are receiving free care for 
aides and overdoses, homeless are receiving free healthcare for self induced 
chronic diseases.  I could go on and on but frankly I am sick and tired of 
my tax dollars going to pay for policy that keeps honest hardworking people 
who are trying to better themselves and contribute to society the medical 
they need.

Another problem is simply you can't find a doctor anywhere to give the 
private pay person to same rate the insurance companies pay.    Plain and 
simple:  The ones who can afford it the least have to pay the most and it's 
simply wrong.  Insurance companies hold doctors and hospitals hostage and 
forbid doctors to allow private pay or self pay patients to get the same 
benefits as their insured.  And it's not right.

You may be wondering...is this lady a Democrat or Republican.  My whole 
family is Republican and always have been, but when it hits home like this 
and it could costs me mortgaging my home or selling a car to finance medical 
treatment so my son can finish school and realize the American dream I 
wonder if I'm on the right side or not.

I'll stop for now.  I am asking you to please respond and do what you can to 
help our situation.

Something must be done in this country.  The free help out there does not 
benefit those who are trying to better themselves and become productive 
citizens and fall on hard times.  The system is kicking them in the teeth. 
If you and your brother don't do something about it we will end up with 
socialized medicine shoved down our throats and we'll end up being set out 
on the sidewalk  with IVs in our arms because the hospitals don't have room 
just like they do in Honduras.  I know because my son was there on a medical 
mission trip.

I can be reached at 501-851-7225.
melody pake

_________________________________________________________________
FREE pop-up blocking with the new MSN Toolbar – get it now! 
http://toolbar.msn.click-url.com/go/onm00200415ave/direct/01/

From:	Pam DeZwarte <pameladz@lisco.com>
Sent:	Wednesday, March 30, 2005 9:15 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Please fight for Terry Shivo's life!

Please do everything legally possible to help Terry Shivo's parents fight for her life!  You know it is the right thing to do - don't be swayed by anything.  We believe in you, Jeb, and are praying for you in Iowa.  Please do the godly and decent thing and fight for Terry's life.
Sincerely,
Pam DeZwarte
Knoxville, Iowa
 
From:	APOSTLE324@aol.com
Sent:	Wednesday, July 12, 2006 10:58 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Kitson deal is illegal

Hello Govenor Jeb Bush:  Charlotte COunty turn out for the commissioner meeting for MSBU taxation scam was cancelled because thousand of resident showed up. ReSet for next week.Too many people and groups against taxation and other issues.
KITSON according to his statement in the papers does have a completed deal for Babcock propertry until after July 31 2006.Since he is not the owner all deals with Charlotte County and the State of FL are illegal according to attornies and other people at meeting. Violation of USConstitutional rights and State rights...Must be owner to have changes placed on the books for any property in question.  Kitson job is a scam and a resell of property to another construction company. They have 10 years to take everyone to court on civil and criminal charges. Since he is not owner and has produced legal questions the state can grab the land and stop construction legally and protect the lands for all Floridains. You should investigate Charlotte County Commissioner, esp the attorney general( he is running for govenor) and audit the books.
Thank you
Paul Francis Gaynor
Member of Republican Presidential Task Force(since 1980's)
 
 
From:	Robinabell44@aol.com
Sent:	Wednesday, July 12, 2006 10:40 PM
To:	DSO.Priority@dbpr.state.fl.us
Cc:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Re: FW: [*] DBPR-I NEED HELP

Dear Arlene-
 
Thank you for your reply. I must address the issue of post licensing. The transcripts supporting the fact that I have completed all have been faxed time and time again. I just do not understand why records have not been updated? Please provide your fax number and I will fax them yet again. This is exactly what I am talking about when I refer to the incompetence of this department.
 
Further, the personnel are rude and abrupt and it seems that these matters have been outsourced because everyone I speak to is either alliterate or bored or can not speak English. I cannot continue to send information substantiating that I have done what I am supposed to do...It is exhausting! I have held a valid Florida Real Estate license since 1994.
 
In closing I have spent a tremendous amount of money and time obtaining my Brokers license and implore you to set the record straight. This has been going on for over a year!
 
 
Thank you,
 
Robin A Bell
 
From:	Alice Langer <nanaramma1@webtv.net>
Sent:	Wednesday, July 12, 2006 10:15 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	[*] Voting Machines

Dear sir,
I eed to apologise for the email you just 
received I was from me. I accidentally
pressed the wrong key to delete my 
background and I hit send, wthout a
signature.
Sincerely,
Alice Langer

From:	ross greybill <ross2vegas@peoplepc.com>
Sent:	Wednesday, July 12, 2006 9:55 PM
To:	APP
Cc:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Fw: Emailing: CONGRESS IS LISTENING, BUT NO-ONE HOME
Attachments:	banner1.jpg; spacer.gif; ad_paidtext.gif; banner3.jpg; left_top1.gif; left_writeOfficials.gif; left_enterZip.gif; left_byPeople.gif; left_forPeople.gif; election06.gif; spacer.gif; 20004.jpg_size=147x105; spacer.gif; but_bio_bio.gif_type=cs&color=000099; but_bio_sendmessage.gif_type=cs&color=000099; but_bio_letters_on.gif_type=cs&color=000099; megavotepromo.gif; soapbox5.gif; soapbox_up.gif; soapbox_down.gif

Congress.org
----- Original Message ----- 
From: ross greybill 
To: ross greybill 
Cc: Michael Bruning 
Sent: Wednesday, July 12, 2006 8:38 PM
Subject: Emailing: CONGRESS IS LISTENING, BUT NO-ONE HOME



            
                    
            
     
                 
                    a.. Home 
                      
                          
                 
           
              a.. President & Vice Pres. 
              b.. Congress 
              c.. Federal Agencies 
              d.. Supreme Court 
              e.. State Officials 
              f.. Local Officials 

           


              a.. Take Action on Issues 
              b.. Soapbox: Raise an Issue 
              c.. Hand Deliver Your Letters 
              d.. Read Letters to Leaders 

           


              a.. Power Rankings 
              b.. Vote Monitor 
              c.. Search Recent Votes 
              d.. Search Current Bills 
              e.. Add Us to Your Web Site 
              f.. Send to a Friend 
              g.. Capitol Hill Basics 
              h.. Media Guide 
              i.. Books on Congress 
              j.. Register to Vote 

           
              


           
      
                 
                   
                 President George W. Bush  
                             
                             
                       
                       
                                  
                                 
                                 
                                 
                                 
                                 
                                 
                                 
                                · More Letters to
                                  President Bush

                                · Search All 
                                  Letters

                                 
                                 
                                See Vice President 
                                 
                                See First Lady 
                             
                             
                             
                             
                        Letters To Leaders 
                                 
                                 
                                All messages are published with permission of the sender. The general topic of this message is Immigration: 
                                 
                                 
                                Subject:
                                I AGREE TOTALLY WITH THIS!!!

                                To:
                                President George Bush
                                Vice President Richard Cheney

                                July 12, 2006

                                No to amnesty and guest workers


                                Why have we not been enforcing our immigration laws? Why have we let anybody in the world who wants to, come to the USA, stay here illegally and demand full citizenship benefits. We actually don't need laws if those laws are not going to be enforced. Should we let anyone vote as often as he wants? Why not let all the prisoners out of jail? Without laws, shouldn't we disband all police departments since they are not at all necessary. While we're at it, if there's no need for law, we really don't need city, county, state, or national government. Why waste our money on the court system?

                                For decades, those of you in the legislative and executive branches of government whom have sworn to uphold our laws have neglected your duty, allowing at minimum 12million illegal aliens to either overstay visas or sneak into the promised land and take up residence here. You have hardly ever reprimanded the employers of those illegal aliens. This would be the most effective way to tackle the problem. ICE and Homeland Security, which you oversee, could not possibly be more ineffective, and our border protection could not be more lacking. No one in Washington seems to care or have the will correct the situation. Comparing the problem to prohibition is not appropriate. The problem is more akin to the slavery problem that Abraham Lincoln faced. Volunteer slavery is just as abominable

                                Obviously, the Democrats don't want the problem solved so that the Latino vote will go their way, and the Republicans, benefitting from campaign contributions from commercial interests, rule in favor of the business community, supplying industry with scab labor. The middle class worker, who actually plays by the rules is misrepresented by you once again. What total frustration we are experiencing. Also, your arrogant disregard for our plight is maddening.

                                Certainly you are aware that amnesty didn't work the last time, it only made matters worse. You can never reward lawbreakers without encouraging more of the same behavior.

                                As responsible citizens, we should take pride in abiding by the rule of law. As responsible voters, we will demand that our elected officials enforce those laws which are in place to protect society. Anything else is anarchy.


                                Raymond S. Becker, Jr.
                                3878 Lehigh Dr.
                                Northampton (Lehigh Township)
                                PA 18067
                                Phone-610-262-8135

                                Shasta Lake , CA

                                 
                              Related Issue Alerts: . ACTION ALERT: HOUSE RESPONDS TO YOUR CALL FOR A VOTE ON THE VRA - League of Women Voters  
                                . ALERT! Dangerous new amnesty plan emerges! - Californians for Population Stabilization  
                                . Bilingual Ballots Vote Possible July 13th - English First  
                                . Tell Hastert to Stop Stalling! - Illinois Coalition for Immigrant and Refugee Rights  
                                more action alerts...  
                                 
                             
                             
                       
                  
                   
                 
            
                        Issues raised by the people.
                        Post yours on Soapbox! 
                 
                  More Soapbox alerts  
                       
                 
                        Latest Polls on Illegal Immigration - IN
                        viewed 118 times

                        Can Someone Tell "Spike" Happy Birthday - FL
                        viewed 29 times

                        Weeping Jebus on a Cross Sheeple! Wake Up America! - IL
                        viewed 118 times

                        Married, Make Other Kids, Get Sole Custody in Divorce? No No No - GA
                        viewed 64 times

                        To the Texan Who Posted About U.S. And Taiwan High-Level Visits - IL
                        viewed 92 times

                        A Call for U.S. And Taiwan High-Level Visits - TX
                        viewed 93 times

                        Bush Administration Fast-Tracks Formation of North American Union - MD
                        viewed 165 times

                        Repeal the Patriots Act I & Ii - CA
                        viewed 110 times

                        The New Enron...supported By Your Tax Dollars - CA
                        viewed 139 times

                        Enforce Existing Immigration Laws - PA
                        viewed 237 times

                        Is George Bush Our President Anymore? - NY
                        viewed 324 times

                        Freedom to Fascism Part 2 - IL
                        viewed 148 times

                        America: Freedom to Fascism - Part 1 - IL
                        viewed 160 times

                        Immagration - AZ
                        viewed 319 times

                        How Many Will Sit By & Watch This Nation Die? - OK
                        viewed 268 times

                        Whose Victory Fallen One? - IL
                        viewed 108 times

                        Global Warming Without Al Gore - FL
                        viewed 126 times

                        Clinton Vs. Bush in China: The Asian Peril/ Hillary Clinton and Blood Diamonds/Lieberman and Jfk - CA
                        viewed 259 times

                        Sweet Victory Can Turn So Sour - ME
                        viewed 203 times

                        Secure Our Borders First - CT
                        viewed 420 times

                        Sweet Victory - PA
                        viewed 322 times

                        Bill Clinton, Monica Lewinsky, The Mossad, Mega, and Rahm Emmanuel...plus, What Ever Happened to Ron Brown? - CA
                        viewed 391 times

                        Hillary Clinton: Where Does She Stand on What Her Husband Did with the School of the Americas? - CA
                        viewed 410 times

                        The Real Assault on America - CA
                        viewed 421 times

                        Are There Any Brave Men in This Country? - CA
                        viewed 355 times

                        La Raza - Racist Organization - CA
                        viewed 465 times

                        What's Become of Americans? - CA
                        viewed 447 times

                        Tyrant: Unfit to Rule a Free People - CA
                        viewed 443 times

                        Are Brits in the Same Situation We Are In? - CA
                        viewed 323 times

                        Same-Sex Marriage - NY
                        viewed 295 times

                        U.S. Can Leave Iraq By 08/08/08 or Before, but 1 More Death = 1 More Day - CA
                        viewed 274 times

                        What to Do? - CA
                        viewed 274 times

                        Rahm Emanuel: What is He Doing, If Anything, To Help Phil Angelides Become Governor of California? - CA
                        viewed 278 times

                        Thanks Be to God!! 7-7-06 - TX
                        viewed 352 times

                        John Kerry and God and Man at Yale: What's Up? - CA
                        viewed 390 times

                        Goverment By the Corrupt for the Corrupt Must Change! - OK
                        viewed 514 times

                        John Kerry is Not Qualified to Protect Veterans or Women - CA
                        viewed 397 times

                        Governmental Treatment of Military Retiree's - MO
                        viewed 370 times

                        Nevada Government is Corrupt - NV
                        viewed 268 times

                        Come on America! Outlawing Horse Slaughter in the U.S. Is Overdue! - AZ
                        viewed 343 times

                        God Told You to Become President and Attack Al-Queda Huh? - GA
                        viewed 462 times

                        Pres. Bush - "The Illusionist" - IL
                        viewed 417 times

                        Senate Bill Disarms Law Enforcement - IL
                        viewed 321 times

                        Time to Overturn Feres - OH
                        viewed 285 times

                        Don't Expext Lower Gas Prices Anytime Soon. - TX
                        viewed 372 times

                        Public Morality Doesn't Override the Constitution - CA
                        viewed 459 times

                        Martin Luther King, Jr., National Historic Site - CA
                        viewed 268 times

                        Official Recognition of the Little Shell Tribe - MT
                        viewed 244 times

                        Pension Reform - WA
                        viewed 365 times

                       
                        See more..  
                 

                  More Soapbox alerts  
                        
           
     
     
--------------------------------------------------------------------------
            © 2006 Capitol Advantage LLC.
            About Us   Contact Us   Frequently Asked Questions   Privacy Policy   Terms of use 
            To update or correct any information on this site please contact our Research Department 

           
      



--------------------------------------------------------------------------------


No virus found in this incoming message.
Checked by AVG Free Edition.
Version: 7.1.394 / Virus Database: 268.9.10/384 - Release Date: 7/10/2006
From:	ross greybill <ross2vegas@peoplepc.com>
Sent:	Wednesday, July 12, 2006 9:34 PM
To:	ross greybill
Cc:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Emailing:TELL ME HOW YA REALLY FEEL
Attachments:	banner1.jpg; spacer.gif; ad_paidtext.gif; banner3.jpg; left_top1.gif; left_writeOfficials.gif; left_enterZip.gif; left_byPeople.gif; left_forPeople.gif; election06.gif; spacer.gif; 20004.jpg_size=147x105; spacer.gif; but_bio_bio.gif_type=cs&color=000099; but_bio_sendmessage.gif_type=cs&color=000099; but_bio_letters_on.gif_type=cs&color=000099; megavotepromo.gif; soapbox5.gif; soapbox_up.gif; soapbox_down.gif

Congress.orgSOMEONE HOME BUT NO-ONE NOT LISTENING....HELLO  McFLY....
            
                    
            
     
                 
                    a.. Home 
                      
                          
                 
           
              a.. President & Vice Pres. 
              b.. Congress 
              c.. Federal Agencies 
              d.. Supreme Court 
              e.. State Officials 
              f.. Local Officials 

           


              a.. Take Action on Issues 
              b.. Soapbox: Raise an Issue 
              c.. Hand Deliver Your Letters 
              d.. Read Letters to Leaders 

           


              a.. Power Rankings 
              b.. Vote Monitor 
              c.. Search Recent Votes 
              d.. Search Current Bills 
              e.. Add Us to Your Web Site 
              f.. Send to a Friend 
              g.. Capitol Hill Basics 
              h.. Media Guide 
              i.. Books on Congress 
              j.. Register to Vote 

           
              


           
      
                 
                   
                 President George W. Bush  
                             
                             
                       
                       
                                  
                                 
                                 
                                 
                                 
                                 
                                 
                                 
                                · More Letters to
                                  President Bush

                                · Search All 
                                  Letters

                                 
                                 
                                See Vice President 
                                 
                                See First Lady 
                             
                             
                             
                             
                        Letters To Leaders 
                                 
                                 
                                All messages are published with permission of the sender. The general topic of this message is Gov't Operations: 
                                 
                                 
                                Subject:
                                TROOPS ON THE BORDER IS NOT WORKING--WE HAVE HUNDREDS OF NEW ILLEGAL ARRIVALS

                                To:
                                President George Bush

                                July 12, 2006

                                The watch dogs in Houston,Texas reports hundreds of new illegal's every day.What are the troops doing on the border sleeping?We want interior enforcement now --we pay for it --lets have it or move out and let someone that will--we taxens are tired of your mexican crap Mr Bush and we voted for your stupid ass.

                                Houston , TX

                                 
                              Related Issue Alerts: . Help End Congress's Obsession With Pork - Center for Individual Freedom  
                                . Help Defeat the Oman "Free Trade" Agreement! - Progressive Democrats of America  
                                . Tell the Commission to Support Affordable Loan Payments - TICAS Inc.  
                                . Approve Premium Conversion - S 484 - CA Labor Federation  
                                more action alerts...  
                                 
                             
                             
                       
                  
                   
                 
            
                        Issues raised by the people.
                        Post yours on Soapbox! 
                 
                  More Soapbox alerts  
                       
                 
                        Latest Polls on Illegal Immigration - IN
                        viewed 118 times

                        Can Someone Tell "Spike" Happy Birthday - FL
                        viewed 29 times

                        Weeping Jebus on a Cross Sheeple! Wake Up America! - IL
                        viewed 118 times

                        Married, Make Other Kids, Get Sole Custody in Divorce? No No No - GA
                        viewed 64 times

                        To the Texan Who Posted About U.S. And Taiwan High-Level Visits - IL
                        viewed 92 times

                        A Call for U.S. And Taiwan High-Level Visits - TX
                        viewed 93 times

                        Bush Administration Fast-Tracks Formation of North American Union - MD
                        viewed 165 times

                        Repeal the Patriots Act I & Ii - CA
                        viewed 110 times

                        The New Enron...supported By Your Tax Dollars - CA
                        viewed 139 times

                        Enforce Existing Immigration Laws - PA
                        viewed 237 times

                        Is George Bush Our President Anymore? - NY
                        viewed 324 times

                        Freedom to Fascism Part 2 - IL
                        viewed 148 times

                        America: Freedom to Fascism - Part 1 - IL
                        viewed 160 times

                        Immagration - AZ
                        viewed 319 times

                        How Many Will Sit By & Watch This Nation Die? - OK
                        viewed 268 times

                        Whose Victory Fallen One? - IL
                        viewed 108 times

                        Global Warming Without Al Gore - FL
                        viewed 126 times

                        Clinton Vs. Bush in China: The Asian Peril/ Hillary Clinton and Blood Diamonds/Lieberman and Jfk - CA
                        viewed 259 times

                        Sweet Victory Can Turn So Sour - ME
                        viewed 203 times

                        Secure Our Borders First - CT
                        viewed 420 times

                        Sweet Victory - PA
                        viewed 322 times

                        Bill Clinton, Monica Lewinsky, The Mossad, Mega, and Rahm Emmanuel...plus, What Ever Happened to Ron Brown? - CA
                        viewed 391 times

                        Hillary Clinton: Where Does She Stand on What Her Husband Did with the School of the Americas? - CA
                        viewed 410 times

                        The Real Assault on America - CA
                        viewed 421 times

                        Are There Any Brave Men in This Country? - CA
                        viewed 355 times

                        La Raza - Racist Organization - CA
                        viewed 465 times

                        What's Become of Americans? - CA
                        viewed 447 times

                        Tyrant: Unfit to Rule a Free People - CA
                        viewed 443 times

                        Are Brits in the Same Situation We Are In? - CA
                        viewed 323 times

                        Same-Sex Marriage - NY
                        viewed 295 times

                        U.S. Can Leave Iraq By 08/08/08 or Before, but 1 More Death = 1 More Day - CA
                        viewed 274 times

                        What to Do? - CA
                        viewed 274 times

                        Rahm Emanuel: What is He Doing, If Anything, To Help Phil Angelides Become Governor of California? - CA
                        viewed 278 times

                        Thanks Be to God!! 7-7-06 - TX
                        viewed 352 times

                        John Kerry and God and Man at Yale: What's Up? - CA
                        viewed 390 times

                        Goverment By the Corrupt for the Corrupt Must Change! - OK
                        viewed 514 times

                        John Kerry is Not Qualified to Protect Veterans or Women - CA
                        viewed 397 times

                        Governmental Treatment of Military Retiree's - MO
                        viewed 370 times

                        Nevada Government is Corrupt - NV
                        viewed 268 times

                        Come on America! Outlawing Horse Slaughter in the U.S. Is Overdue! - AZ
                        viewed 343 times

                        God Told You to Become President and Attack Al-Queda Huh? - GA
                        viewed 462 times

                        Pres. Bush - "The Illusionist" - IL
                        viewed 417 times

                        Senate Bill Disarms Law Enforcement - IL
                        viewed 321 times

                        Time to Overturn Feres - OH
                        viewed 285 times

                        Don't Expext Lower Gas Prices Anytime Soon. - TX
                        viewed 372 times

                        Public Morality Doesn't Override the Constitution - CA
                        viewed 459 times

                        Martin Luther King, Jr., National Historic Site - CA
                        viewed 268 times

                        Official Recognition of the Little Shell Tribe - MT
                        viewed 244 times

                        Pension Reform - WA
                        viewed 365 times

                       
                        See more..  
                 

                  More Soapbox alerts  
                        
           
     
     
--------------------------------------------------------------------------
            © 2006 Capitol Advantage LLC.
            About Us   Contact Us   Frequently Asked Questions   Privacy Policy   Terms of use 
            To update or correct any information on this site please contact our Research Department 

           
      
From:	MRS. WANDA Valdes <wandavaldes@webtv.net>
Sent:	Wednesday, July 12, 2006 9:18 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	The Bush Family

One think I must say for the Bush  boys
They pick beautiful women to marry.
I just admire George Bushes wife so much. She is beautiful , poised and
a 
real lady. She needs to run for president
Blessings
Wanda Valdes

REMEMBER ONE MAN WITH GOD IS A MAJORITY

From:	ROSS GREYBILL <ross2vegas@peoplepc.com>
Sent:	Wednesday, July 12, 2006 9:16 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	VOTE YES TO KING AMENDMENT (HR9) JUST TRY TO DO SOMETHING CORRECTLY..

ROSS GREYBILL
322 CHICAGO AVE
VALPARAISO FL, FL 32580-1322


July 12, 2006

The Honorable Jeb Bush
Governor of Florida
The Capitol, 400 S. Monroe St.
Tallahassee, FL 32399-0001


 Governor Bush:

As part of Congress.org's virtual hearing on immigration reform, I want to 
share my views on this important issue.  SECURE OUR BOREDERS, ENFORCE 
IMMIGRATION LAWS, FINES EMPLOYERS, GO SEE A THERAPIST...(SOON),......YA LL 
IN DIRE NEED OF SOME RELIGON...IVE SEEN OUR GOVERNMENT BREAK 7 OF THE 10 
COMMAND MENTS...

Sincerely,


ROSS GREYBILL
850 678 7955

This message has been verified by CapwizXC as authentic and sent by this 
individual.  Authentication ID: [j0202TQN]


From:	CHUCK BORTELL <surfrider@prodigy.net>
Sent:	Wednesday, July 12, 2006 8:53 PM
To:	Tom Gallagher; Kevin McCarty; Mary Alice Palmer
Cc:	Belinda Miller; Carlos Muniz; Charlie Crist; Dave Kaiser; Eric Miller; Gary Pullen; Hazel Muhammad; Governor Jeb Bush; Michael T. Ruff; Philip Fountain; Rick Mahler; Justice, Charlie
Subject:	Section THREE of  Formal Complaint re: Multinational Underwriters dated April 25, 2006
Attachments:	pat1067614933

To: The Honorable Tom Gallagher, CFO
plus, Commissioner Kevin McCarty and
Division Director Mary Alice Palmer
 
 
Dear Chief Financial Officer Gallagher, Commissioner McCarty and Division Director Palmer: 
 
On April 25th, 2006, I submitted several Formal Complaints; one was styled in a similar fashion to the "Subject" line above. For your ease of reference, I am forwarding a computer file copy of the letter, but without the Attachments.
 
The only reply or advisory I have received thus far, was a non-response, dated June 8, 2006, from Senior Attorney Michael T. Ruff. His final paragraph read as follows: 
 
"Regarding your other inquiries as dictated by you to my assistant early last week, the Department has no information to share with you".  
 
In contrast, I do have information to share with each of you. 
 
One of my verbal inquiries - during the earlier week as cited by Attorney Ruff - related to "Example I" in my Formal Complaint dated April 25, 2006. "Example I" dealt with a newborn infant who was Unlawfully rejected by the Underwriting department of Multinational Underwriters (MNU). To the best of my knowledge, that infant is still without health insurance more than 77 days since I lodged a complaint with the Florida Department of Financial Services (DFS). In addition, more than ninety days have elapsed since the infant's health insurance was unlawfully denied. Furthermore, as with numerous other contractual deficiencies, the dollar limit allowed by Multinational Underwriters (MNU) for the initial 31-day period subsequent to birth, also contravenes Florida Statutes. 
 
I also have something else to share with each of you.
 
A couple of weeks ago, it became necessary for the infant's mother to utilize - without the benefit of rightfully due health insurance - the services of a hospital Emergency Room; as is sometimes necessary with infants. Incidentally, the malady prompting the visit to the Emergency Room was totally unrelated to the reason for the unlawful Underwriting rejection by MultiNational Underwriters (MNU). 
 
Nevertheless, the upshot: 
 
In addition to the worry about the illness of the newborn, the infant's mother also had to suffer the stress of not having rightfully due health insurance. Why?  The inordinate delays, inaction and shirking of its responsibilities by the DFS - all combined with the non-responses of Attorney Ruff, in his representing the Florida Department of Financial Services.
 
Consequently, in accordance with the provisions of the Florida Customer Service Standards Act, I am submitting the following questions regarding the status of this instant case; as well as for the benefit of other health insurance consumers, whose health insurance matters may also be Unlawfully handled by MultiNational Underwriters (MNU):
 
1. As of July 13, 2006, has MultiNational Underwriters (MNU) been compelled by the Florida Department of Financial Services to issue coverage to the infant referred to in "Example I" in Section THREE of my Complaint dated April 25, 2006?
 
2. If not, does the Florida Department of Financial Services plan to compel the issuance of the rightfully due coverage? 
 
3. If the response to Question Number 2 is affirmative, then when? 
 
4. If the response to Question Number 2 is negative, then when will the Florida Department of Financial Services issue the "Immediate Final Cease and Desist Order"; as previously requested in the "Summary" section of my Complaint filed nearly three months ago?
 
In conclusion: Florida consumers and agents suffer untold injuries and potential financial damages; when the Florida Department of Financial Services fails to enforce the insurance laws contained in the Florida Statutes.
 
Fair winds and following seas....
 
Very respectfully submitted,
Chuck Bortell
Charles K. Bortell Jr.
Florida Agent # A026291
954.553.1704 (Personal cellular)
954.772.8740 fax
 
From:	TARA JACKSON <lonely_tara2006@fastermail.com>
Sent:	Wednesday, July 12, 2006 8:49 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Cc:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	[*] reply me:hello sir

DEAR SIR,

MY NAME IS TARA JACKSON,I WAS BORN IN MICHIGAN IN 1985,I WAS VERY SMALL THEN,WHEN MY PARENTS FEEL LIKE VISITING AFRICA FOR A HOLIDAY BUT ON GETTING THERE WE STAYED WITH A COUSIN OF OURS IN NIGERIA,WESTERN PART OF AFRICA,ON GETTING TO OUR COUSINS,WE SPENT 2 DAYS THERE AND BY MIDNIGHT WE WERE ROBBED BY SOME ROBBERS HERE IN NIGERIA,MY DAD AND MUM GOT SHOT DEAD AND MY COUSIN TOO,BUT I WAS VERY LUCKY AND HID MYSELF INSIDE THE TOILET,WHERE I HAERD SOME SCREAMS FROM MY MUM BEEN RAPED BY THE ROBBERS BEFORE SHE GOT SHOT DEAD IN COLD BLOOD,I CANT REMEMBER MUCH BY THEN BECAUSE I WAS STILL SMALL BY THAT TIME,I WAS THE ONLY CHILD MY FOLKS HAD THEN,I TRIED ALL MY BEST TO GET SOME HELP HERE IN NIGERIA BUT THERE WAS NO ONE TO RESCUE ME THEN SO I HAD TO GO OUT OF THE HOUSE AND GET SOMEONE TO HELP ME BUT I WAS NOT LUCKY BECAUSE I WAS 4 YEARS OLD THEN AND I CANT LOCATE ANY OF MY FAMILY CONTACTS ABROAD, A MAN WAS WITNESSING THE SCENE THEN WHICH I DID NOT EVEN KNOW MUCH ABOUT HIM,BUT HE TOOK ME TO A CHARITY ORGANIZATION WHERE I GROW UP TILL DATE,BUT NOW I AM 21 YAERS OLD HERE IN NIGERIA AND I WISH TO COME BACK TO THE STATES BUT I DONT HAVE MY PASSPORT WITH ME,I TRIED LOCATING AMERICAN EMBASSY HERE AND WAS TOLD THAT I HAVE TO GIVE THEM ALL MY PASSPORT INFORMATION AND MY BIRTH CERTIFICATES WHICH I DONT HAVE ON MY MEMORY,IT WAS STOLEN FOR ALMOST 13 YEARS NOW,I LATER IMMIGRATE TO THE COUNTRY WHICH I HAVE THERE PASSPORT NOW BUT I CANT SECURE A VISA AND TICKETS TO COME,KINDLY HELP ME TO CALL THE EMBASSY ON MY BEHALF TO ISSUE ME A VISA TO COME BACK,THOUGH I CANT REALLY IMAGINE HOW TO LOCATE ANY OF MY FAMILY THERE TOO BUT I WONT MIND GOING TO STAY IN ANY CHARITY HOMES THERE IF I COME AND GET ALONG WITH MY LIFE THERE BECAUSE THERE IS NO HOPE FOR ME HERE AGAIN,KINDLY DO THIS FOR ME OR JUST SEND ME SOME MONEY TO GET ME THE VISA ISSUED AND BUY MY TICKETS TO COME RIGHT AWAY SIR,THE FUNDS I WAS TOLD BY THE CONSULAR IS $4000USD,WHICH I CANT RAISE HERE SIR,KINDLY SEE TO THIS AND ACT FAST TO HELP ME IN TIME TO BE IN UNITED STATES BACK.I WILL LIKE TO HAVE AN URGENT RESPONSE FROM YOU SIR AND WITH BEST CONSIDERATION,EITHER GETTING THE VISA OR SENDING ME MONEY SIR.IT WILL BE MY PLEASURE TO HEAR SOON SIR.


REGARDS TO YOU SIR,

TARA JACKSON.

N.B. YOU CAN SEND ME AN EMAIL SIR TO THIS EMAIL BELOW,
LONELY_TARA2006@FASTERMAIL.COM OR BIGBROS1234@YAHOO.CO.UK

-- 
_______________________________________________
Get your free email from http://fastermail.com
From:	ross greybill <ross2vegas@peoplepc.com>
Sent:	Wednesday, July 12, 2006 8:33 PM
To:	lou
Cc:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Fw: Emailing: I LIKE IKE..BE LIKE IKE...THINK LIKE IKE..
Attachments:	Freepathon_sarge2M-vi.jpg; 162647173_71db2527d2_o.jpg

 
----- Original Message ----- 
From: ross greybill 
To: lou 
Cc: HEA 
Sent: Wednesday, July 12, 2006 1:39 PM
Subject: Emailing: I LIKE IKE..BE LIKE IKE...THINK LIKE IKE..

hey lou, you did good! these people usually hate cnn and you..i think your getting on their "softer" side...or bush is srewing up more..see comments below...keep up the good work...
Free Republic
Home · Browse · Search 	Pings · Mail 	News/Activism
Topics · Post Article 	
  _____  


Skip to comments. 

2006 Q3 FReepathon. Target: $68,000	 Receipts & Pledges to-date: $56,017	
82%	  	
Woo hoo!! Adding in $31,000 in monthlies.. and we're now over 80 percent!! Thank you Monthlies!!	

Dobbs: Bush, Senate 'lackeys' reach new low
CNN ^ | July 12, 2006 | Lou Dobbs


Posted on 07/12/2006 10:26:51 AM PDT by Mazda3Fan


NEW YORK (CNN) -- The Bush White House and its lackeys in the Senate have reached a new low in their quest to bestow amnesty on 11 million to 20 million illegal immigrants, while doing as little as possible to secure our nation's borders and ports.


(Excerpt) Read more at cnn.com ...

  _____  

TOPICS: Foreign Affairs; Government; Click to Add Topic
KEYWORDS: BORDERS; BUSH; BUSHATEMYHOMEWORK; CNN; CNNBASHESBUSH; DOBBS; ILLEGALIMMIGRATION; IMMIGRATION; MEDIABIAS; NOOB; Click to Add Keyword 
  _____  

 
Donate Here By Secure Server 

Or mail checks to 

FreeRepublic, LLC 
PO BOX 9771 
FRESNO, CA 93794

or you can use 

PayPal at Jimrob@psnw.com 
STOP BY AND BUMP THE FUNDRAISER THREAD. 
It is in the breaking news sidebar! 

  _____  

[ Report Abuse | Bookmark ]
  _____  

What do you all think of this?

1 posted on 07/12/2006 10:26:54 AM PDT by Mazda3Fan 
[ Post Reply | Private Reply | View Replies | Report Abuse ]
  _____  

To: Mazda3Fan
What do you all think of this? 

I think you could've excerpted more of it.


2 posted on 07/12/2006 10:28:34 AM PDT by 1rudeboy 
[ Post Reply | Private Reply | To 1 | View Replies | Report Abuse ]
  _____  

To: 1rudeboy

Sorry, I'm never sure how much to put in there.


3 posted on 07/12/2006 10:29:13 AM PDT by Mazda3Fan 
[ Post Reply | Private Reply | To 2 | View Replies | Report Abuse ]
  _____  

To: Mazda3Fan

Well first, welcome to FR. What do you think of this? 

Second, I think those for whom the border is the only issue on the docket will lap it up heartily.


4 posted on 07/12/2006 10:29:32 AM PDT by pollyannaish 
[ Post Reply | Private Reply | To 1 | View Replies | Report Abuse ]
  _____  

To: Mazda3Fan
Boy Dobbs is really milking this issue to boost CNN's pathetic viewer numbers. 

Apparently he haven't heard the newsflash that Bush is interested in the Pence plan and is leaning towards border-security first?


5 posted on 07/12/2006 10:31:02 AM PDT by Extremely Extreme Extremist (What you know about that?) 
[ Post Reply | Private Reply | To 1 | View Replies | Report Abuse ]
  _____  

To: Mazda3Fan

Inspite of GWB and the open borders/free trade/amnesty Leadership attempting to trade our sovereignty for cheap labor and votes..... 

"There's hope yet for the nation." Lou Dobbs 

Let's hope he's right.


6 posted on 07/12/2006 10:31:23 AM PDT by Kimberly GG (Tancredo '08) 
[ Post Reply | Private Reply | To 1 | View Replies | Report Abuse ]
  _____  

To: Mazda3Fan

You didn't do anything wrong, I'm just needling.


7 posted on 07/12/2006 10:31:36 AM PDT by 1rudeboy 
[ Post Reply | Private Reply | To 3 | View Replies | Report Abuse ]
  _____  

To: Mazda3Fan
Twenty-seven state governments have passed some sort of legislation cracking down on illegal immigration. Many of these efforts are focused on employers and landlords who are hiring and housing illegal aliens and demanding proof of citizenship before granting unfettered access to social and health services. 

Once I got passed the Bush bashing garbage which is SOP for these folk, I discovered this little tidbit...which to me sounds a lot like progress. So I LIKE it. Since state governments are the ones who PAY for these services, they are the ones that need to be passing these types of laws. Good for them.


8 posted on 07/12/2006 10:33:44 AM PDT by pollyannaish 
[ Post Reply | Private Reply | To 1 | View Replies | Report Abuse ]
  _____  

To: Mazda3Fan
What do you all think of this? 

I think the House will have the final word.


9 posted on 07/12/2006 10:35:15 AM PDT by Jeff Chandler (Peace begins in the womb.) 
[ Post Reply | Private Reply | To 1 | View Replies | Report Abuse ]
  _____  

To: Mazda3Fan

The Activism sidebar is normally reserved for Activism, protests, news and business of Free Republic Chapters. 

Not this. 

Please read the following for FR's posting rules for further guidelines. 

http://www.freerepublic.com/focus/f-news/1611173/posts 

Thanks,


10 posted on 07/12/2006 10:35:34 AM PDT by Admin Moderator 
[ Post Reply | Private Reply | To 1 | View Replies | Report Abuse ]
  _____  

To: Extremely Extreme Extremist

"Apparently he haven't heard the newsflash that Bush is interested in the Pence plan and is leaning towards border-security first?" 

How does that make a difference? Pence's plan is amnesty and Bush has no intentions of securing the border. 

Our country was attacked on 9/11. 5 years later, Bush is 'leaning towards border-security first'. Insane.


11 posted on 07/12/2006 10:36:48 AM PDT by Kimberly GG (Tancredo '08) 
[ Post Reply | Private Reply | To 5 | View Replies | Report Abuse ]
  _____  

To: Mazda3Fan
Dobbs is such a disingenuous ass. Bitching and complaining about Senate hearings when the House is holding the same type of hearings. 

Pace's story was poignant. His father came to the US when anybody who got here, except the Chinese, was welcome here. There was no such thing as an "illegal." 

Dobbs is afraid Pace's story will resonate when, in fact, only immigration junkies know these hearings are even being held.


12 posted on 07/12/2006 10:37:00 AM PDT by sinkspur (Today, we settled all family business.) 
[ Post Reply | Private Reply | To 1 | View Replies | Report Abuse ]
  _____  

To: Mazda3Fan
Sorry, I'm never sure how much to put in there. 

300 word max, if you use the auto excerpt you get about 40.


13 posted on 07/12/2006 10:43:22 AM PDT by Graybeard58 (Remember and pray for Sgt. Matt Maupin - MIA/POW- Iraq since 04/09/04) 
[ Post Reply | Private Reply | To 3 | View Replies | Report Abuse ]
  _____  

To: sinkspur
"Dobbs is such a disingenuous ass."

Yep, took you only 12 posts to show up with your typical
ad hominem personal attack. Your calling Dobbs a "disingenuous ass" proves that liberal projection is, indeed, a fact. Your stating "There was no such thing as an 'illegal'." demonstrates an incredible lack of historical knowledge and a tenuous grip on reality.
Pace's story was obviously meant to blur the real distinction between Illegal aliens and legal immigrants. And they were not too ashamed to use the typical liberal appeal that it's all about feeeeelings.

The open border Republicans have not only joined in an unholy alliance with the Kennedy Democrats, they have adopted there pathetic, emotional, alternate reality tactics.

Conservatives have already lost the Senate, I hope they can hang onto the House.

14 posted on 07/12/2006 11:01:56 AM PDT by Prokopton 
[ Post Reply | Private Reply | To 12 | View Replies | Report Abuse ]
  _____  

To: Prokopton
Your stating "There was no such thing as an 'illegal'." demonstrates an incredible lack of historical knowledge and a tenuous grip on reality. 

Except for Chinese, lunatics, prostitutes and criminals, and those with infectious diseases, nobody was kept out of the United States in 1914. 

Conservatives have already lost the Senate, I hope they can hang onto the House. 

Talk about a tenuous grip on reality!


15 posted on 07/12/2006 11:07:29 AM PDT by sinkspur (Today, we settled all family business.) 
[ Post Reply | Private Reply | To 14 | View Replies | Report Abuse ]
  _____  

To: Mazda3Fan
What do I think of that? 

"The Intelligence Reform and Terrorism Prevention Act of 2004 called for at least 2,000 more Border Patrol agents per year along our border with Mexico to stop the unrelenting flow of people and illegal drugs into this country. But the Bush administration provided funding for only around 200 additional agents. 

PRESIDENT BUSH then promised to deploy by August 6,000 National Guard troops to support the U.S. Border Patrol on the border with Mexico. Now, in mid-July, having already missed a June deadline, fewer than 900 have moved into place along the border. 

WHO DO I BLAME? THAT'S EASY: 

 

16 posted on 07/12/2006 11:15:55 AM PDT by seasoned traditionalist (ALL MUSLIMS ARE NOT TERRORISTS, BUT ALL TERRORISTS WHO WANT TO DESTROY OUR COUNTRY, ARE MUSLIMS) 
[ Post Reply | Private Reply | To 1 | View Replies | Report Abuse ]
  _____  

To: Extremely Extreme Extremist
"Apparently he haven't heard the newsflash that Bush is interested in the Pence plan and is leaning towards border-security first? 

And I assume you also believe in the tooth ferry?


17 posted on 07/12/2006 11:18:24 AM PDT by seasoned traditionalist (ALL MUSLIMS ARE NOT TERRORISTS, BUT ALL TERRORISTS WHO WANT TO DESTROY OUR COUNTRY, ARE MUSLIMS) 
[ Post Reply | Private Reply | To 5 | View Replies | Report Abuse ]
  _____  

To: Prokopton

I have this feeling that Dobbs either wants to run for President or wants to be a kingmaker in 2008.


18 posted on 07/12/2006 11:19:28 AM PDT by mhx 
[ Post Reply | Private Reply | To 14 | View Replies | Report Abuse ]

Disclaimer: Opinions posted on Free Republic are those of the individual posters and do not necessarily represent the opinion of Free Republic or its management. All materials posted herein are protected by copyright law and the exemption for fair use of copyrighted works. 

Free Republic
Home · Browse · Search 	Pings · Mail 	News/Activism
Topics · Post Article 	
  _____  

FreeRepublic, LLC, PO BOX 9771, FRESNO, CA 93794 
FreeRepublic.com is powered by software copyright 2000-2003 Robinson-DeFehr Consulting, LLC. 
From:	S K Overstreet <skover1986@yahoo.com>
Sent:	Wednesday, July 12, 2006 8:40 PM
To:	David M. Sundstrom
Cc:	Joseph Joey Wise; Denise Mealor; Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Bright Future scholarship-volunteer hours
Attachments:	[REDACTED]-Mr. Sundstrom.doc

See attached.

  _____  

Do you Yahoo!?
Everyone is raving about the all-new Yahoo! Mail Beta.
From:	ross greybill <ross2vegas@peoplepc.com>
Sent:	Wednesday, July 12, 2006 8:32 PM
To:	APP
Cc:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Fw: Emailing: TAX DOLLARS TO AID ILLEGALS...B.S.
Attachments:	cesar.jpg; presnotoFR-vi.jpg; Bush_Mexi-ShaftUS293x428.jpg

 
----- Original Message ----- 
From: ross greybill 
To: MT 
Cc: OR 
Sent: Wednesday, July 12, 2006 2:18 PM
Subject: Fw: Emailing: TAX DOLLARS TO AID ILLEGALS...B.S.

 
----- Original Message ----- 
From: ross greybill 
To: Michael Bruning 
Cc: ross greybill 
Sent: Wednesday, July 12, 2006 2:13 PM
Subject: Emailing: TAX DOLLARS TO AID ILLEGALS...B.S.

READ COMMENTS BELOW, THIS HAS TO BE ILLEGAL,  OH!  I FORGOT ITS OUR GOVERNMENT
Free Republic
Home · Browse · Search 	Pings · Mail 	News/Activism
Topics · Post Article 	
  _____  


Skip to comments. 

2006 Q3 FReepathon. Target: $68,000	 Receipts & Pledges to-date: $57,012	
83%	  	
Woo hoo!! Now over 83 percent!! Thank you all very much!!	

Aztlan Acadmey: Coming to your neighborhood? (Rove makes nice with La Raza racial separatists)
Michelle Malkin Website ^ | 12 July 2006 | Michelle Malkin


Posted on 07/12/2006 11:34:24 AM PDT by Spiff


AZTLAN ACADEMY: COMING TO YOUR NEIGHBORHOOD?

By Michelle Malkin 

  ·   July 12, 2006 11:40 AM 

So, Karl Rove gave his "We are all Americans" speech to the National Council of La Raza--The Race--yesterday. Today, my syndicated column digs into the millions of dollars in Bush administration federal education grants The Race has received for its nationwide charter school initiative. 

It’s bad enough the White House lent its prestige to The Race’s annual conference. But did you know the Bush administration has forked over millions of federal tax dollars directly to The Race? 

According to GOP Rep. Charlie Norwood of Georgia, The Race snapped up $15.2 million in federal grants last year alone and more than $30 million since 1996. Undisclosed amounts went to get-out-the-vote efforts supporting La Raza political positions. The U.S. Department of Education funneled nearly $8 million in taxpayer grants to the group for a nationwide charter schools initiative. 

You may remember the reconquista school in Los Angeles whose principal teaches ethnic separatism along with Aztec math. The Race was a co-sponsor of that school with extremist activists from MECHA. Remember this interview with the principal of the school, La Academia Semillas del Pubelo: 

We don’t want to drink from a White water fountain, we have our own wells and our natural reservoirs and our way of collecting rain in our aqueducts. We don’t need a White water fountain. So the whole issue of segregation and the whole issue of the Civil Rights Movement is all within the box of White culture and White supremacy. We should not still be fighting for what they have. We are not interested in what they have because we have so much more and because the world is so much larger. And ultimately the White way, the American way, the neo liberal, capitalist way of life will eventually lead to our own destruction.


Turns out there are more where that one came from, folks. 

I have found dozens of other publicly-subsidized charter schools sponsored by The Race and funded with our money, including: 

*Aztlan Academy in Tuscon, Arizona. According to The Race, the school’s success rests on “Aztlan's ability to integrate a meaningful Chicano Studies program into their lives, language, and academics, as a means of developing their intellects as well as their pride and self-esteem.” The school’s name--a reference to a mythical swath of the vast Southwestern U.S. expanse, which Latino activists claim is their rightful homeland and which they seek to reconquer for Mexico--says it all. 

*Mexicayotl Academy in Nogales, Arizona. Who needs the three R’s? At Mexicayotl, it’s all about the three M’s: me, me, me! The school’s program is “structured and developed around the concepts of identity, culture, and language.” Second mission: supporting local ethnic lobbying efforts “to right social injustices by educating the community and helping create social change.” Under “greatest achievements,” the school’s website lists its participation in a “Peace & Dignity Run;” its visit from Rigoberta Menchu (the Marxist academic fraud from Guatemala who lied her way to a Nobel Peace Prize); and its sponsorship of
the local annual Día de los Muertos (the Mexican holiday). 

*The Dolores Huerta Preparatory High School in Pueblo, Colorado. It’s named after the far-Left Latina labor union activist who recently railed that “Republicans hate Latinos,” praised illegal alien marchers, and screeched that “We didn’t cross the borders, the borders crossed us” in a hate-filled tirade before Arizona students. 

*Academia Cesar Chavez Charter School in St. Paul, Minn. Board of Directors member Louis Mendoza, an activist Chicano Studies professor, pushed the school to lobby for the federal DREAM Act (providing in-state tuition discounts to illegal alien students not available to legal non-residents). The school’s website features one flag on its front page: the Mexican flag. 

  

The White House will tell you that The National Council of The Race is a “moderate,” mainstream civil rights group. But there’s nothing “moderate” about The Race’s advocacy of driver’s licenses and in-state tuition discounts for illegal aliens. Or its opposition to strengthening security for identity documents and improving cooperation on immigration enforcement between state, local, and federal enforcement immigration officials. Or its all-out war on the House GOP’s border security and enforcement-first bill passed last December. 

President Bush pays lip service to immigration enforcement and assimilation, while the White House sends Karl Rove to make nice with the separatist leaders of The Race and the Bush Education Department showers our tax dollars on radical Reconquista schools. It doesn’t add up. 

Unless, of course, you’re using Aztec math.


  _____  

TOPICS: Extended News; News/Current Events; Click to Add Topic
KEYWORDS: 1BUSYTROLL; ALIENS; DEANIAC; DNCSTOODGE; ILLEGALS; IMMIGRANTLIST; INVASION; MOVONMOUTHPIECE; SPAMMERSPIFF; Click to Add Keyword 
  _____  

 
Donate Here By Secure Server 

Or mail checks to 

FreeRepublic, LLC 
PO BOX 9771 
FRESNO, CA 93794

or you can use 

PayPal at Jimrob@psnw.com 
STOP BY AND BUMP THE FUNDRAISER THREAD. 
It is in the breaking news sidebar! 

  _____  

[ Report Abuse | Bookmark ]
  _____  

Michelle Malkin did a good video yesterday about this on her Hot Air website. You can view the video by clicking HERE. 

.


1 posted on 07/12/2006 11:34:28 AM PDT by Spiff 
[ Post Reply | Private Reply | View Replies | Report Abuse ]
  _____  

To: Spiff

So now the administration isn't just refusing to enforce existing immigration law and protect the border but they are actively subverting both by supporting La Raza financially. 

If the dems were doing this you wouldn't be able to think straight for all the howling that would be going on from the GOP. 

This is disgraceful.


2 posted on 07/12/2006 11:39:20 AM PDT by Bikers4Bush (Flood waters rising, heading for more conservative ground. Vote for true conservatives!) 
[ Post Reply | Private Reply | To 1 | View Replies | Report Abuse ]
  _____  

To: Spiff

If they were all arab or soviets, it would be obvious that they have infiltrated our country with the intent of overthrowing our government and society and either killing or deporting all of US! Because they look like millions of other americans in the Southwest and because nobody in Washington has any idea of what is put in spanish language TV or radio, their open campaign to reconquer the US for Mexico (which they believed is the Aztlan Empire pre-Spaniards) goes on with our tacit approval and occasional funding.


3 posted on 07/12/2006 11:40:33 AM PDT by bpjam (If we take 12M illegals, they have to take Kennedy & McCain!) 
[ Post Reply | Private Reply | To 1 | View Replies | Report Abuse ]
  _____  

To: 1_Inch_Group; 2sheep; 2Trievers; 3AngelaD; 3pools; 3rdcanyon; 4Freedom; 4ourprogeny; 7.62 x 51mm; ..

ping


4 posted on 07/12/2006 11:43:20 AM PDT by gubamyster 
[ Post Reply | Private Reply | To 1 | View Replies | Report Abuse ]
  _____  

To: Spiff

BTTT!!!


5 posted on 07/12/2006 11:46:42 AM PDT by LNewman (¡Atención La Migra! ¡Huge Underserved Population Aquí!) 
[ Post Reply | Private Reply | To 1 | View Replies | Report Abuse ]
  _____  

To: Bikers4Bush

Disgraceful? Getting awefully close to that whole "aid and comfort" thing is how I'd term it.


6 posted on 07/12/2006 11:47:29 AM PDT by Dead Corpse (It is not the oath that makes us believe the man, but the man the oath.- Aeschylus) 
[ Post Reply | Private Reply | To 2 | View Replies | Report Abuse ]
  _____  

To: bpjam
I keep waiting for Rod Serling to walk out and explain what part of the Twilight Zone we're in.

7 posted on 07/12/2006 11:48:13 AM PDT by rottndog (WOOF!!!!--Keep your "compassion" away from my wallet!) 
[ Post Reply | Private Reply | To 3 | View Replies | Report Abuse ]
  _____  

To: Dead Corpse

I meant that the fact that members of the GOP aren't going nuts over this and screaming from rooftops is disgraceful. 

With respect to the administration I would agree with you.


8 posted on 07/12/2006 11:49:27 AM PDT by Bikers4Bush (Flood waters rising, heading for more conservative ground. Vote for true conservatives!) 
[ Post Reply | Private Reply | To 6 | View Replies | Report Abuse ]
  _____  

To: Spiff

Unbelievable!!!!!!


9 posted on 07/12/2006 11:50:11 AM PDT by lilylangtree 
[ Post Reply | Private Reply | To 1 | View Replies | Report Abuse ]
  _____  

To: Spiff

bump


10 posted on 07/12/2006 11:50:27 AM PDT by VOA 
[ Post Reply | Private Reply | To 1 | View Replies | Report Abuse ]
  _____  

To: Spiff

When I heard of the first of these schools, located in the Los Angeles area, I was disgusted. Now I'm just resigned to the fact that this nation is finished. 

If it has come to the place where we are going to finance racist separatists, then the nation our founding fathers set up for us, no longer exists. 

What the hell are our leaders thinking?


11 posted on 07/12/2006 11:51:15 AM PDT by DoughtyOne (Al Qaeda / Taliban operatives: Read the NY Times, for daily up to the minute security threat tips.) 
[ Post Reply | Private Reply | To 1 | View Replies | Report Abuse ]
  _____  

To: rottndog

LOL 
True. 
susie


12 posted on 07/12/2006 11:51:18 AM PDT by brytlea (amnesty--an act of clemency by an authority by which pardon is granted esp. to a group of individual) 
[ Post Reply | Private Reply | To 7 | View Replies | Report Abuse ]
  _____  

To: DoughtyOne
I was disgusted. Now I'm just resigned to the fact that this nation is finished. 

It's hard not to be, isn't it. 

But you never know what could happen. 

If we actually taught the principles we were founded on to the youth -- immigrant kids or native born -- it could turn around quick. But the liberals who were not and are not immigrants are the ones who have done this. 

It is not the immigrant's fault.


13 posted on 07/12/2006 11:55:28 AM PDT by tallhappy (Juntos Podemos!) 
[ Post Reply | Private Reply | To 11 | View Replies | Report Abuse ]
  _____  

To: Spiff
But did you know the Bush administration has forked over millions of federal tax dollars directly to The Race? 

Ummmm....doesn't Congress fork over the money?


14 posted on 07/12/2006 11:57:56 AM PDT by A.Hun (Common sense is no longer common.) 
[ Post Reply | Private Reply | To 1 | View Replies | Report Abuse ]
  _____  

To: Spiff
 

15 posted on 07/12/2006 12:01:15 PM PDT by soccer_maniac (Fine employers $100,000 for every illegal employee they hire-> millions of illegals will self-deport) 
[ Post Reply | Private Reply | To 1 | View Replies | Report Abuse ]
  _____  

To: Spiff
did you know the Bush administration has forked over millions of federal tax dollars directly to The Race? 

Nope, I didn't. Not surprising, though. The U.S. gov't giving taxpayer dollars directly to our enemies is common practice.


16 posted on 07/12/2006 12:01:40 PM PDT by Mr. Mojo 
[ Post Reply | Private Reply | To 1 | View Replies | Report Abuse ]
  _____  

To: DoughtyOne
When I heard of the first of these schools, located in the Los Angeles area, I was disgusted. Now I'm just resigned to the fact that this nation is finished. If it has come to the place where we are going to finance racist separatists, then the nation our founding fathers set up for us, no longer exists. What the hell are our leaders thinking? 

So is FR. We've got way too may so-called "FReepers" fighting conservatives and promoting liberal garbage like La Raza here. The Republican Party has lost its moorings, the United States of America has forgotten its heritage, and Free Republic has jettisoned its original conservative agenda and fallen into "mission creep". Not a good time for conservatives. I go between just becoming resigned to these facts or standing up and fighting for the cause.


17 posted on 07/12/2006 12:02:50 PM PDT by Spiff ("They start yelling, 'Murderer!' 'Traitor!' They call me by name." - Gael Murphy, Code Pink leader) 
[ Post Reply | Private Reply | To 11 | View Replies | Report Abuse ]

Disclaimer: Opinions posted on Free Republic are those of the individual posters and do not necessarily represent the opinion of Free Republic or its management. All materials posted herein are protected by copyright law and the exemption for fair use of copyrighted works. 

Free Republic
Home · Browse · Search 	Pings · Mail 	News/Activism
Topics · Post Article 	
  _____  

FreeRepublic, LLC, PO BOX 9771, FRESNO, CA 93794 
FreeRepublic.com is powered by software copyright 2000-2003 Robinson-DeFehr Consulting, LLC. 

  _____  

No virus found in this incoming message.
Checked by AVG Free Edition.
Version: 7.1.394 / Virus Database: 268.9.10/384 - Release Date: 7/10/2006

From:	aDiveley2006@aol.com
Sent:	Wednesday, July 12, 2006 7:49 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	investigation

jeb see if you can find out who delivered the two mack trucks at seminole rest stop i was controled and set up to steal the truck i will bet you will find out that they were working for the FBI judge fliechers court was riged when i went to court no court reporter and no bailiff it was a set up anthony diveley...
From:	michael walsh <walsheyus@yahoo.com>
Sent:	Wednesday, July 12, 2006 7:44 PM
To:	rnardello@hollywoodfl.org
Cc:	adiaz@hollywoodfl.org; dbrooks@hollywoodfl.org; jscarberry@hollywoodfl.org; fmcgarry@hollywoodfl.org; mssmith@hollywoodff.org; mmay@hollywoodfl.org; cbenson@hollywoodfl.org; kwasserstrom@hollywoodfl.org; soliveri@hollywoodfl.org; canderson@hollywoodfl.org; pbober@hollywoodfl.org; frusso@hollywoodfl.org; mgiulianti@hollywoodfl.org; keith@hollywoodcounsel.com; msantibanez@hollywoodfl.org; rrawls@hollywoodfl.org; jvogt@hollywoodfl.org; pj_g@bellsouth.net; acintron@hollywoodfl.org; gturek@hollywoodfl.org; icombrinckgraham@hollywoodfl.org; pcerny@hollywoodfl.org; mpettit@hollywoodfl.org; mjohns@hollywoodfl.org; greinfeld@hollywoodfl.org; sphillips@hollywoodfl.org; mcannavan@hollywoodfl.org; jbuscher@hollywoodfl.org; dabbott@hollywoodfl.org; helpmehoward@wsvn.com; Geller, Steven; esobel@aol.com; lwexler@broward.org; bhenry@broward.org; zwilliams@broward.org; romoore@broward.org; rbrossard@broward.org; mark.plass@dot.state.fl.us; Stutler, Denver; james.wolfe@dot.state.fl.us; Governor Jeb Bush; asebo@broward.org; llaskin@broward.org; bfurr@hollywoodfl.org; pwallace@hollywoodfl.org; Sobel, Eleanor
Subject:	Fwd: Request # 6131 has been received.
Attachments:	Request # 6131 has been received.

Lt. R. Nardello:                      HPD
 
Your response is most appreciated for Citizen Requests  # 6095- 6131.
 
Thank you.
 
Michael Walsh
 
Area Constituent Spokesman- Hollywood City District # 4.


Note: forwarded message attached.

  _____  

Do you Yahoo!?
Get on board. You're invited to try the new Yahoo! Mail Beta.
From:	plhnth@bellsouth.net
Sent:	Wednesday, July 12, 2006 7:24 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Rev o'Neal Dozier

Dear Govenor Bush,
 
Reverend  O'Neal Dozier  is both right and heroic.
He should be given more committee assignments, not relieved of them.
Sincerely,

N. Thomas Hoecker, D.D.S.
Plantation, Florida 33324


From:	philipbowen@cox.net
Sent:	Wednesday, July 12, 2006 6:57 PM
To:	PeopleFirst@dms.state.fl.us
Cc:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Re: IMPORTANT! Credit Monitoring Registration

IF YOU CHECK YOUR RECORDS YOU WILL FIND I HAVE ADDRESSED THIS AS PREVIOUSLY INSTRUCTED. YOU HAVE APPARENTLY LOST THIS INFORMATION ALSO!!!





---- PeopleFirst@dms.state.fl.us wrote: 

=============
Dear Credit Monitoring Participant,


As you know, a company working for Convergys/People First! used offshore 
services, almost two years ago, to electronically categorize some state employee
personnel files. To date, there have been no confirmed cases of credit fraud or 
identity theft resulting from this work. 

Your personnel file may have been involved. As a precautionary measure, we have 
partnered with ConsumerInfo.com, an Experian company (“ConsumerInfo”), to 
provide you with a full year of credit monitoring, at no charge. Experian is one
of the three recognized national credit reporting agencies. 

In May you were contacted, either via email or US Postal Service, with 
instructions for enrolling in the Credit Protection Program.  You were also sent
a promotional code, which is required to complete your enrollment in the Credit 
Protection Program.

We would like to remind you that your participation is not automatic.  In order 
to activate your Credit Protection Program membership, visit 
http://partner.consumerinfo.com/fla and follow the instructions.  For 
verification purposes, you will be asked to provide your name, address and other
personal information, along with the promotional code that was sent to you in 
May.

If you have not already activated your membership, we encourage you to do so as 
soon as possible.  In order to receive the benefits of the Credit Protection 
Program, you must activate your membership by 5pm on Thursday, August 10, 2006, 
or you will forfeit your opportunity to participate in the program.

If you have any additional questions about your promotional code, or concerning 
your registration in the Credit Protection Program, please visit 
www.dms.myflorida.com/PeopleFirstSecurityUpdate or call 1-866-663-4735, prompt 5.


People First! Customer Service

--
PHILIP A. BOWEN
PH# 352-622-1357
From:	michaelsFL5@aol.com
Sent:	Wednesday, July 12, 2006 6:52 PM
To:	help@fmap.org; campaign@electharris.org; carl.callahan@cityofbradenton.com; Carlton, Lisa; lee.tom.web@flsenate.gov; cff@mail.democracyinaction.org; activist.thepen@gmail.com; activist@democrats.com; K.Fodor@comcast.net; kenmehlman@gop.com; admin@consumerwatchdog.org; adoglover55@hotmail.com; charles.miville@verizon.net; carol003@tampabay.rr.com
Cc:	Governor Jeb Bush; abc.news.magazines@abc.com; abramsreport@msnbc.com; objoyful@tampabay.rr.com; barbaracjohnson@worldnet.att.net; mike@michaelmoore.com; momsrising@momsrising-lists.com; kzeese@democracyrising.us; dccc@dccc.org; deanopp@gmail.com; dkaiser@insurancejournal.com; Clarke, Donna; Bennett, Michael (LEG); nancy2451@peoplepc.com; nightly@nbc.com; norville@msnbc.com; Ombudsman@fdic.gov; ofr@fldfs.com; pegleg1013@yahoo.com; pkngngopnimegnxe@AirAmericaRadio-lists.com
Subject:	Re: Florida Market Assistance Plan - Request Status

DO YOU GET IT THAT WE CANNOT AFFORD HOMEOWNER'S INSURANCE AT $3000 A YEAR. WHAT GOOD IS YOUR ORGANIZATION WHEN YOU MAKE IT IMPOSSIBLE TO GET INSURANCE? APPLY AGAIN? AND AGAIN? AND AGAIN? AND AGAIN? AND AGAIN? AND AGAIN?  GIVE THE LITTLE PEOPLE A BREAK. STOP RAPING OUR WALLETS! DO YOU THINK THAT AFTER WORKING 10 HRS A DAY I CAN SIT AROUND APPLYING AND APPLYING AND APPLYING.  LET'S FACE IT.  THE STATE OF FLORIDA WANTS THE RICH ONLY IN THEIR STATE. WE GET IT; WE'RE NOT STUPID! JUST THE WORKING POOR!  SUSAN MASSACONI
From:	MEBovenzi@aol.com
Sent:	Wednesday, July 12, 2006 5:01 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	(no subject)

When are you going to do something about taxing SS benefits?
SS is a tax we pay so that we have funds in our golden years. So why are the benefits taxed.  NOT ALL STATES TAX SS BENEFITS. FLORIDA IS ONE OF THE RICHEST STATES BUT KEEP ON SQUEEZING THE PEOPLE FOR MORE. ALSO, Jacksonville is one of the best cities to live in.  But there are no streets signs.  I asked people working at Publix, the new Mall, gas stations, at a dentists office, many employees at restaurants why there weren't street signs. The reply was "you gotta know where you want  go" The dentist laughed, I have been here 7 years.  I can't tell you how many patients get lost and call this office  daily for directions!   Jacksonville, last night on the news, was declared one of the cities in the country with a highest homicides.  Great!!  Hey! I just thought of something. Maybe it's road rage, these people involved in the crimes can't find where they want to go!!!
From:	Ines.Marriott <Ines.Marriott@kerzner.com>
Sent:	Wednesday, July 12, 2006 4:51 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	FW: Ines Marriott-Wells - FW: Thanks                 18058

Thanks, Again

 

Mr. Bush

 

For your assistance and prompt reply my petition.

 

My Friend, her staff and I are really thankful.

 

 

God Bless you. My vote is yours Mr. President.

 

Kindly,

 

Ines Wells

 

 

 

 

  _____  

From: Runkle, Beverly [mailto:Beverly.Runkle@awi.state.fl.us] 
Sent: Wednesday, July 12, 2006 3:55 PM
To: Ines.Marriott
Subject: FW: Ines Marriott-Wells - FW: Thanks 18058

 

July 12, 2006

 

 

 

 

Dear Ms. Wells:

 

Governor Bush has asked the Agency for Workforce Innovation to respond to your

e-mail regarding concerns with labor laws.  The Agency for Workforce Innovation is the State entity that partners with the local Workforce Boards to provide employment assistance. We regret that your friend lost her employment after 30 years.

 

However, Florida is an "employment at-will” state.  This means the employer establishes terms and conditions of employment.  The employer can terminate an employee for any reason, at any time, without advance notification; so long, as there is no violation of federal or state law. 

 

To assist job seekers, Florida has established a comprehensive Workforce Investment System that brings most education, job training, and employment assistance agencies and organizations under one roof.  These sites are known as One-Stop Career Centers and are located throughout the State.  The One-Stop Career Center staff can provide assistance to your friend in her job search, including job referrals, counseling, and other services.  In the resource rooms at the centers she can find current government and private listings of job opportunities.  Computers with Internet access and fax machines can be used at no cost to her.  Prior to visiting the Center, I encourage your friend to call and make an appointment to speak with a One-Stop representative about your employment needs.

 

Your friend may also call toll free 1-877-US2-JOBS (1-877-872-5627) to get the location of One-Stop Career Centers and other employment-related services throughout the United States. 

 

If your friend has a computer with Internet access, she may search the AWI’s website at http://www.floridajobs.org/ to find employment information.  I would also encourage her to utilize the EMPLOY FLORIDA web site at www.employflorida.net.   She can access jobs in the public and private sector directly via this site.  It is important that your friend keeps apprised of vacancies as they are announced and file the necessary application, if appropriate.

 

I hope this information is helpful to you and that your concerns are expeditiously resolved.

 

                                                            Sincerely,

 

 

 

                                                            Marion S. Little

                                                            Government Operations Consultant II

                                                            One-Stop and Program Support

 

 

MSL/olr

 

 

  _____  

-----Original Message-----
From: Ines.Marriott [mailto:Ines.Marriott@kerzner.com]
Sent: Friday, July 07, 2006 10:02 AM
To: Governor Jeb Bush
Subject: RE: Thanks

Mr. Bush,

 

I have one favor to ask as a citizen of USA. This dates private companies eliminates jobs because they are consider the cost of the expenses in the department without consideration of the years that employee has being working in the company neither the loyalty.  My best friend receives one of this news in the company that we both are working they are eliminating the whole department that she is handle as a Manager of Quality Assurance  after 30 years of serving our company they are closing her department. She has being working as a manager in different departments in the company the sad part is that the company did not try to offer another position for her or her staff. They just told them that by July 30 stop they benefits and job with the company. 

 

I was wonder if you can help my friend perhaps the government has some job for her and the rest of the staff, my friend has a Degree in Business Administrations worked as manager in A/R and Customer Services for long time. Please let me know if you know any hot line or effective information that they can apply for a job.

 

Thanks,

 

Ines Wells

 

  _____  

From: Governor Jeb Bush [mailto:Jeb.Bush@MyFlorida.com] 
Sent: Friday, June 30, 2006 2:00 PM
To: Ines.Marriott
Subject: RE: Thanks

 

You are very welcome.

-----Original Message-----
From: Ines.Marriott [mailto:Ines.Marriott@kerzner.com]
Sent: Thursday, June 29, 2006 5:23 PM
To: Governor Jeb Bush
Subject: Thanks

Thanks, 

For your assistance also, for your support during the hurricane Wilma with our houses and the schools system in Florida.

Kind Regards,

Ines Marriott-Wells.

 

From:	bruno schmidt <brunojschmidt@hotmail.com>
Sent:	Wednesday, July 12, 2006 4:06 PM
To:	KempP@HillsboroughCounty.ORG
Cc:	beanp@hillsboroughcounty.org; BerryA@HillsboroughCounty.ORG; blairb@hillsboroughcounty.org; Bloodd@HillsboroughCounty.ORG; bbint@aol.com; mcufone@environmentmatters.net; mdunn@tampatrib.com; welly@tampabay.rr.com; NISABAGREF@aol.com; khenderson@kforce.com; bestcatch2@msn.com; Governor Jeb Bush; jeremy.harenza@lmco.com; kmkremkau@gba-inc.com; mmccleary@cleanwater.org; rmckenziej@hotmail.com; MontalvoM@hillsboroughcounty.org; Mermaid_247@yahoo.com; normanj@hillsboroughcounty.org; cathyphillips2001@yahoo.com; jacklyn3@verizon.net; sanchezt@hillsboroughcounty.org; scottth@hillsboroughcounty.org; sharpem@hillsboroughcounty.org; Snowc@HillsboroughCounty.ORG; terry.smith@coxlumber.com; vanderploogp@hillsboroughcounty.org; normwetzel@carvaluesplus.com
Subject:	[*] Re: Septic Tank Quagmire

Pat,

Hamilton county in Ohio (Cincinnati) has a yearly inspection program for 
electrical components and a 5 yr inspection for non-electric componments.  
They also require a service contract with a reputable septic tank (HIST) 
comnpany to be maintained in effect.  In the below email address, I call 
your attention to 529.03 (P) and 529.06 A-T, and 529.02 R and M.  These 
people are progressive and didicated to properly maintained septic systems.  
Do they know someting that we don't?????   Hope this helps.

Regards,

Bruno J. Schmidt, Pres.
Save our Canals
www.hcsaveourcanals.org


http://www.hamiltoncountyhealth.org/pdfs/regulations/reg5292004.pdf


>From: "Patricia Kemp" <KempP@HillsboroughCounty.ORG>
>To: "bruno schmidt" <brunojschmidt@hotmail.com>
>Subject: Re: Septic Tank Quagmire
>Date: Wed, 12 Jul 2006 13:58:44 -0400
>
>Hi Bruno:
>Can you name some specific communities who may have the program you
>outline.  I'll will try to some research to see if we could find some
>model ordinance.
>Thanks.  Pat Kemp
>
>Patricia Kemp
>Aide to Commissioner Kathy Castor
>272-5470
>
> >>> "bruno schmidt" <brunojschmidt@hotmail.com> 6/17/2006 10:44 PM >>>
>Dear Sirs,
>As you know, I have been an advocate for septice tank reform within the
>
>county.  As a member of SOC's I believe that poor septic tank
>maintainance
>and overflow is a major part of the polution in our canal system and
>poses a
>great and unneccessary health hazzard to the residents and tourists
>that use
>our beaches and waterways, including our bay (as evidenced by the many
>beach
>closings due to high fecal colliform counts).  According to Dr.
>Harwood's
>pie chart, that I'm sure you have all seen (if not, I can send you her
>ppt.
>presentation), on a national average, about 20% of all waterway
>polution
>comes from poorly maintained septic tanks.  Also in her chart, another
>40%
>nationally comes from unknown sources.  With the high water table in
>Florida
>(you hit water about 3 feet down in most places), it stands to reason
>that
>within Hillsborough County the probablility of the entire 40% of the
>"unknown" polution source could be attributed to septic tanks and
>sewage
>spills.  This suggests the PROBABLILITY OF AT LEAST 20% AND POSSIBLY
>60% OF
>ALL POLUTION IN hILLSBOROUGH COUNTY WATERWAYS MAY BE DUE TO SEPTIC
>TANKS.
>
>Hillsborough County doesn't know how many septic tanks there are in the
>
>county, but an educated guess by the permitting department is in the
>neighborhood of 100,000.  EPA estimates that the nationwide average is
>15%
>OF ALL SEPTIC TANKS ARE PLUGGED UP and not functioning properly at any
>one
>time.  This means 15,000 septic tanks are pouring raw sewage into the
>stormwater ditches and canals that lead directly into our BAY WITH
>EVERY
>FLUSH.  What has the BOCC done about this?  Nothing that I have heard
>about.
>   You can't put in sewars to everybody in the county, but you can
>inspect
>existing septic tanks on a yearly basis.  I suggest you do what is
>being
>done in some PROGRESSIVE, ENVIRONMENTALLY CONSCIOUS communities
>througout
>the U.S.:
>1.  Charge a $25 yearly inspeciton fee to those on septic tanks.  Send
>a
>person out to inspect each system on a yearly basis.  Let the Homeowner
>know
>when you are going to inspect so he can be present.
>2.  If they find a maintainance problem (plugged system) give them 90
>days
>to have it corrected.  Charge them another $25 for reinspection and
>certification.
>3.  If they refuse to fix the problem, shut off their water until it is
>
>fixed.
>
>This probably makes too much sense to have it implemented here, but
>with
>100,000 septice tanks being inspected yearly at $25 each gives the
>county
>$2.5 mm to work with yearly, and will greatly reduce the polution going
>into
>our bay.  Lets be pro-active for a change, and do something NOW,
>instead of
>waiting till someone gets sick and DIES from using our public beaches
>and
>waterways.  I've given you a plan, I'd like to hear your plans to
>address
>this septic system quagmire.
>
>Also, according to Dr. Harwaood, simple chlorination of sewage does not
>kill
>many very harmful viruses and other chlorine resistant microorganisms.
>It
>makes me wonder how you can release treated sewage into the
>Hillsborough
>River or recommend using it for irrigation.  Haven't you ever wondered
>about
>this?
>
>Regards,
>
>Bruno J. Schmidt, Taxpayer and public waterway user.


From:	RUTH ACOSTA <tahina69de@yahoo.de>
Sent:	Wednesday, July 12, 2006 4:01 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	la tea angela dorotea es capo de coca laura y el negro

LA SUPREMA CORTE DE STO DGO LE ADVIRTIO A MERKEL NO ACERCARSE A MI PERSONA SOY VIP  ARTISTA UNA INTOCABLE ES ESO        YA MUNDIALMENTE ESTAMOS PERSIGUIENDO A GATES A WELCH FERNANDEZ Y A MERKEL POR POSESIONILICITA Y MERCADO ILEGAL DE MIGRANTES GRACIAS



  _____  

Jetzt Mails schnell in einem Vorschaufenster überfliegen. Dies und viel mehr bietet das neue Yahoo! Mail .
From:	RUTH ACOSTA <tahina69de@yahoo.de>
Sent:	Wednesday, July 12, 2006 3:53 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush

DEBE USAR CHALECO ANTIBALAS EL ESTA EN UN BERENGENAL PORQUE WELCH NO SE LE DESPEGA A WITTON  Y LA MERKEL ES LA AMIGA NUMERO UNO DE ULI   SEXUAL PARTNER  ES EJE DEL MAL ELLOS QUIEREN EL PETROLEO DE BUSH QUITARSELO TODO POR ORDENES DE LEONEL ANTONIO FERNANDEZ REYNA ESE SENOR ES ENEMIGO DE BUSH  JUNIR Y AMANTE DE BUSH SENIOR GAYS SON GAYS PN ATENCION A LAS NOTICIAS DEL PERIODICO EL NACIONAL   www.elnacional.com.do amennnnnnnnnnnn  COPIADO



  _____  

Yahoo! 360° – Bloggen und Leute treffen. Erstellen Sie jetzt Ihre eigene Seite – kostenlos!. 
From:	Dawn Nemethy <adi2003@tampabay.rr.com>
Sent:	Wednesday, July 12, 2006 4:07 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	[*] Re: RE:

Thank you!

----- Original Message ----- 
From: Governor Jeb Bush 
To: Dawn Nemethy 
Sent: Wednesday, July 12, 2006 3:31 PM
Subject: RE:


Thank you for your recent e-mail to Governor Bush asking for assistance in obtaining affordable housing.  I appreciate the opportunity to respond on his behalf.

 

As you may know, subsidized housing programs are under local and/or federal government control, and your best source of assistance is the executive director of the housing authority.  I suggest you write or call that person.  His or her address and telephone number can be found in the local government section of your telephone book.  

 

In an effort to provide affordable rental housing for Floridians earning low to moderate incomes, the Florida Housing Finance Corporation has compiled a county-by-county listing of apartment properties that it has financed throughout the state of Florida.  You can obtain this listing online at http://www.floridahousing.org/home or by calling their office at (850) 488-4197.

 

I hope this information is helpful, and if I can assist you with any other issue or concern, please let me know. 

 

                                                                        Sincerely, 

 

 

 

                                                                        Rex T. Newman

                                                                        Office of Citizens' Services

 

RN/h

-----Original Message-----
From: Dawn Nemethy [mailto:adi2003@tampabay.rr.com]
Sent: Wednesday, July 12, 2006 3:24 PM
To: Governor Jeb Bush
Subject: 


Where can I find a list of available section 8 homes, etc without having to go to the housing dept--are there websites to go to?

From:	lhavery@bellsouth.net
Sent:	Wednesday, July 12, 2006 3:33 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Lack of fruit pickers

If we can't use immigrants (I am all for making them come in legally, not illegally), why not pack up all the homeless people who hold signs (will work for food) and ship them down the state to pick fruit?  That could solve both problems.
 
 
lhavery@bellsouth.net
From:	ross greybill <ross2vegas@peoplepc.com>
Sent:	Wednesday, July 12, 2006 3:19 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Cc:	in
Subject:	[*] Fw: Emailing: TAX DOLLARS TO AID ILLEGALS...B.S.
Attachments:	cesar.jpg; presnotoFR-vi.jpg; Bush_Mexi-ShaftUS293x428.jpg

 
----- Original Message ----- 
From: ross greybill 
To: Michael Bruning 
Cc: ross greybill 
Sent: Wednesday, July 12, 2006 2:13 PM
Subject: Emailing: TAX DOLLARS TO AID ILLEGALS...B.S.

READ COMMENTS BELOW, THIS HAS TO BE ILLEGAL,  OH!  I FORGOT ITS OUR GOVERNMENT
Free Republic
Home · Browse · Search 	Pings · Mail 	News/Activism
Topics · Post Article 	
  _____  


Skip to comments. 

2006 Q3 FReepathon. Target: $68,000	 Receipts & Pledges to-date: $57,012	
83%	  	
Woo hoo!! Now over 83 percent!! Thank you all very much!!	

Aztlan Acadmey: Coming to your neighborhood? (Rove makes nice with La Raza racial separatists)
Michelle Malkin Website ^ | 12 July 2006 | Michelle Malkin


Posted on 07/12/2006 11:34:24 AM PDT by Spiff


AZTLAN ACADEMY: COMING TO YOUR NEIGHBORHOOD?

By Michelle Malkin 

  ·   July 12, 2006 11:40 AM 

So, Karl Rove gave his "We are all Americans" speech to the National Council of La Raza--The Race--yesterday. Today, my syndicated column digs into the millions of dollars in Bush administration federal education grants The Race has received for its nationwide charter school initiative. 

It’s bad enough the White House lent its prestige to The Race’s annual conference. But did you know the Bush administration has forked over millions of federal tax dollars directly to The Race? 

According to GOP Rep. Charlie Norwood of Georgia, The Race snapped up $15.2 million in federal grants last year alone and more than $30 million since 1996. Undisclosed amounts went to get-out-the-vote efforts supporting La Raza political positions. The U.S. Department of Education funneled nearly $8 million in taxpayer grants to the group for a nationwide charter schools initiative. 

You may remember the reconquista school in Los Angeles whose principal teaches ethnic separatism along with Aztec math. The Race was a co-sponsor of that school with extremist activists from MECHA. Remember this interview with the principal of the school, La Academia Semillas del Pubelo: 

We don’t want to drink from a White water fountain, we have our own wells and our natural reservoirs and our way of collecting rain in our aqueducts. We don’t need a White water fountain. So the whole issue of segregation and the whole issue of the Civil Rights Movement is all within the box of White culture and White supremacy. We should not still be fighting for what they have. We are not interested in what they have because we have so much more and because the world is so much larger. And ultimately the White way, the American way, the neo liberal, capitalist way of life will eventually lead to our own destruction.


Turns out there are more where that one came from, folks. 

I have found dozens of other publicly-subsidized charter schools sponsored by The Race and funded with our money, including: 

*Aztlan Academy in Tuscon, Arizona. According to The Race, the school’s success rests on “Aztlan's ability to integrate a meaningful Chicano Studies program into their lives, language, and academics, as a means of developing their intellects as well as their pride and self-esteem.” The school’s name--a reference to a mythical swath of the vast Southwestern U.S. expanse, which Latino activists claim is their rightful homeland and which they seek to reconquer for Mexico--says it all. 

*Mexicayotl Academy in Nogales, Arizona. Who needs the three R’s? At Mexicayotl, it’s all about the three M’s: me, me, me! The school’s program is “structured and developed around the concepts of identity, culture, and language.” Second mission: supporting local ethnic lobbying efforts “to right social injustices by educating the community and helping create social change.” Under “greatest achievements,” the school’s website lists its participation in a “Peace & Dignity Run;” its visit from Rigoberta Menchu (the Marxist academic fraud from Guatemala who lied her way to a Nobel Peace Prize); and its sponsorship of
the local annual Día de los Muertos (the Mexican holiday). 

*The Dolores Huerta Preparatory High School in Pueblo, Colorado. It’s named after the far-Left Latina labor union activist who recently railed that “Republicans hate Latinos,” praised illegal alien marchers, and screeched that “We didn’t cross the borders, the borders crossed us” in a hate-filled tirade before Arizona students. 

*Academia Cesar Chavez Charter School in St. Paul, Minn. Board of Directors member Louis Mendoza, an activist Chicano Studies professor, pushed the school to lobby for the federal DREAM Act (providing in-state tuition discounts to illegal alien students not available to legal non-residents). The school’s website features one flag on its front page: the Mexican flag. 

  

The White House will tell you that The National Council of The Race is a “moderate,” mainstream civil rights group. But there’s nothing “moderate” about The Race’s advocacy of driver’s licenses and in-state tuition discounts for illegal aliens. Or its opposition to strengthening security for identity documents and improving cooperation on immigration enforcement between state, local, and federal enforcement immigration officials. Or its all-out war on the House GOP’s border security and enforcement-first bill passed last December. 

President Bush pays lip service to immigration enforcement and assimilation, while the White House sends Karl Rove to make nice with the separatist leaders of The Race and the Bush Education Department showers our tax dollars on radical Reconquista schools. It doesn’t add up. 

Unless, of course, you’re using Aztec math.


  _____  

TOPICS: Extended News; News/Current Events; Click to Add Topic
KEYWORDS: 1BUSYTROLL; ALIENS; DEANIAC; DNCSTOODGE; ILLEGALS; IMMIGRANTLIST; INVASION; MOVONMOUTHPIECE; SPAMMERSPIFF; Click to Add Keyword 
  _____  

 
Donate Here By Secure Server 

Or mail checks to 

FreeRepublic, LLC 
PO BOX 9771 
FRESNO, CA 93794

or you can use 

PayPal at Jimrob@psnw.com 
STOP BY AND BUMP THE FUNDRAISER THREAD. 
It is in the breaking news sidebar! 

  _____  

[ Report Abuse | Bookmark ]
  _____  

Michelle Malkin did a good video yesterday about this on her Hot Air website. You can view the video by clicking HERE. 

.


1 posted on 07/12/2006 11:34:28 AM PDT by Spiff 
[ Post Reply | Private Reply | View Replies | Report Abuse ]
  _____  

To: Spiff

So now the administration isn't just refusing to enforce existing immigration law and protect the border but they are actively subverting both by supporting La Raza financially. 

If the dems were doing this you wouldn't be able to think straight for all the howling that would be going on from the GOP. 

This is disgraceful.


2 posted on 07/12/2006 11:39:20 AM PDT by Bikers4Bush (Flood waters rising, heading for more conservative ground. Vote for true conservatives!) 
[ Post Reply | Private Reply | To 1 | View Replies | Report Abuse ]
  _____  

To: Spiff

If they were all arab or soviets, it would be obvious that they have infiltrated our country with the intent of overthrowing our government and society and either killing or deporting all of US! Because they look like millions of other americans in the Southwest and because nobody in Washington has any idea of what is put in spanish language TV or radio, their open campaign to reconquer the US for Mexico (which they believed is the Aztlan Empire pre-Spaniards) goes on with our tacit approval and occasional funding.


3 posted on 07/12/2006 11:40:33 AM PDT by bpjam (If we take 12M illegals, they have to take Kennedy & McCain!) 
[ Post Reply | Private Reply | To 1 | View Replies | Report Abuse ]
  _____  

To: 1_Inch_Group; 2sheep; 2Trievers; 3AngelaD; 3pools; 3rdcanyon; 4Freedom; 4ourprogeny; 7.62 x 51mm; ..

ping


4 posted on 07/12/2006 11:43:20 AM PDT by gubamyster 
[ Post Reply | Private Reply | To 1 | View Replies | Report Abuse ]
  _____  

To: Spiff

BTTT!!!


5 posted on 07/12/2006 11:46:42 AM PDT by LNewman (¡Atención La Migra! ¡Huge Underserved Population Aquí!) 
[ Post Reply | Private Reply | To 1 | View Replies | Report Abuse ]
  _____  

To: Bikers4Bush

Disgraceful? Getting awefully close to that whole "aid and comfort" thing is how I'd term it.


6 posted on 07/12/2006 11:47:29 AM PDT by Dead Corpse (It is not the oath that makes us believe the man, but the man the oath.- Aeschylus) 
[ Post Reply | Private Reply | To 2 | View Replies | Report Abuse ]
  _____  

To: bpjam
I keep waiting for Rod Serling to walk out and explain what part of the Twilight Zone we're in.

7 posted on 07/12/2006 11:48:13 AM PDT by rottndog (WOOF!!!!--Keep your "compassion" away from my wallet!) 
[ Post Reply | Private Reply | To 3 | View Replies | Report Abuse ]
  _____  

To: Dead Corpse

I meant that the fact that members of the GOP aren't going nuts over this and screaming from rooftops is disgraceful. 

With respect to the administration I would agree with you.


8 posted on 07/12/2006 11:49:27 AM PDT by Bikers4Bush (Flood waters rising, heading for more conservative ground. Vote for true conservatives!) 
[ Post Reply | Private Reply | To 6 | View Replies | Report Abuse ]
  _____  

To: Spiff

Unbelievable!!!!!!


9 posted on 07/12/2006 11:50:11 AM PDT by lilylangtree 
[ Post Reply | Private Reply | To 1 | View Replies | Report Abuse ]
  _____  

To: Spiff

bump


10 posted on 07/12/2006 11:50:27 AM PDT by VOA 
[ Post Reply | Private Reply | To 1 | View Replies | Report Abuse ]
  _____  

To: Spiff

When I heard of the first of these schools, located in the Los Angeles area, I was disgusted. Now I'm just resigned to the fact that this nation is finished. 

If it has come to the place where we are going to finance racist separatists, then the nation our founding fathers set up for us, no longer exists. 

What the hell are our leaders thinking?


11 posted on 07/12/2006 11:51:15 AM PDT by DoughtyOne (Al Qaeda / Taliban operatives: Read the NY Times, for daily up to the minute security threat tips.) 
[ Post Reply | Private Reply | To 1 | View Replies | Report Abuse ]
  _____  

To: rottndog

LOL 
True. 
susie


12 posted on 07/12/2006 11:51:18 AM PDT by brytlea (amnesty--an act of clemency by an authority by which pardon is granted esp. to a group of individual) 
[ Post Reply | Private Reply | To 7 | View Replies | Report Abuse ]
  _____  

To: DoughtyOne
I was disgusted. Now I'm just resigned to the fact that this nation is finished. 

It's hard not to be, isn't it. 

But you never know what could happen. 

If we actually taught the principles we were founded on to the youth -- immigrant kids or native born -- it could turn around quick. But the liberals who were not and are not immigrants are the ones who have done this. 

It is not the immigrant's fault.


13 posted on 07/12/2006 11:55:28 AM PDT by tallhappy (Juntos Podemos!) 
[ Post Reply | Private Reply | To 11 | View Replies | Report Abuse ]
  _____  

To: Spiff
But did you know the Bush administration has forked over millions of federal tax dollars directly to The Race? 

Ummmm....doesn't Congress fork over the money?


14 posted on 07/12/2006 11:57:56 AM PDT by A.Hun (Common sense is no longer common.) 
[ Post Reply | Private Reply | To 1 | View Replies | Report Abuse ]
  _____  

To: Spiff
 

15 posted on 07/12/2006 12:01:15 PM PDT by soccer_maniac (Fine employers $100,000 for every illegal employee they hire-> millions of illegals will self-deport) 
[ Post Reply | Private Reply | To 1 | View Replies | Report Abuse ]
  _____  

To: Spiff
did you know the Bush administration has forked over millions of federal tax dollars directly to The Race? 

Nope, I didn't. Not surprising, though. The U.S. gov't giving taxpayer dollars directly to our enemies is common practice.


16 posted on 07/12/2006 12:01:40 PM PDT by Mr. Mojo 
[ Post Reply | Private Reply | To 1 | View Replies | Report Abuse ]
  _____  

To: DoughtyOne
When I heard of the first of these schools, located in the Los Angeles area, I was disgusted. Now I'm just resigned to the fact that this nation is finished. If it has come to the place where we are going to finance racist separatists, then the nation our founding fathers set up for us, no longer exists. What the hell are our leaders thinking? 

So is FR. We've got way too may so-called "FReepers" fighting conservatives and promoting liberal garbage like La Raza here. The Republican Party has lost its moorings, the United States of America has forgotten its heritage, and Free Republic has jettisoned its original conservative agenda and fallen into "mission creep". Not a good time for conservatives. I go between just becoming resigned to these facts or standing up and fighting for the cause.


17 posted on 07/12/2006 12:02:50 PM PDT by Spiff ("They start yelling, 'Murderer!' 'Traitor!' They call me by name." - Gael Murphy, Code Pink leader) 
[ Post Reply | Private Reply | To 11 | View Replies | Report Abuse ]

Disclaimer: Opinions posted on Free Republic are those of the individual posters and do not necessarily represent the opinion of Free Republic or its management. All materials posted herein are protected by copyright law and the exemption for fair use of copyrighted works. 

Free Republic
Home · Browse · Search 	Pings · Mail 	News/Activism
Topics · Post Article 	
  _____  

FreeRepublic, LLC, PO BOX 9771, FRESNO, CA 93794 
FreeRepublic.com is powered by software copyright 2000-2003 Robinson-DeFehr Consulting, LLC. 

  _____  

No virus found in this incoming message.
Checked by AVG Free Edition.
Version: 7.1.394 / Virus Database: 268.9.10/384 - Release Date: 7/10/2006

From:	myersvick@verizon.net
Sent:	Wednesday, July 12, 2006 2:14 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	[Fwd: home ownersinsurance in florida]

>From: myersvick@verizon.net
>Date: Tue Jul 11 08:05:03 CDT 2006
>To: fasano.mike.web@flsenate.gov
>Subject: home ownersinsurance in florida

>Dear Mr. Fasano:
>
>I would like to know what Tallahassee is doing about the state of floridas home owners insurance crisis.  I am, it appears, one of the lucky ones who continues to have private insurance which jumped 1000.00 this year for coverage, however, that amt is a huge addition to our already increase in living in this state.
>
>I understand the problem lies with reinsurance coverage for these companies.  Are they looking into the state subsidizing these companies for catastrophic coverage in the event of major hurricane of what exactly.  
>
>As you know, this has affected the real estate market substantially as who can afford home owners insurance. This in turn will eventually affect our job market because people wont be able to live here.  The jobs certainly have not increased our pay to afford the high cost of living we are having to endure.
>
>I hope there are some answers and some solutions in the works. Please let me know.
>
>Thank you,
>Vickie Myers

From:	Rex Welsh <rwelsh@cdp.com>
Sent:	Wednesday, July 12, 2006 1:43 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Cc:	lwelsh103@msn.com
Subject:	[Fwd: Makay Scholarships and Special Ed]

Dear Mr. Bush,
Since I wrote this the stroke of the pen I mentioned happened as I
unfortunately predicted. Not only did you allow kids with things like
cerebral palsy to not get help but you just fired in a sense many teachers
who is passionate about helping these special need kids just because
someone with whatever agenda has a new idea. Last time I got a form letter
response so don't bother this time unless someone is paying attention. A
bulding and an organization does not insure the special need child is
getting what they need. Case in point the cerebral palsy now cannot have
this passionate teacher meet in thier home. ( Gee did you consider how
hard it is to bring special need children to facilities? Duh Wake up!!)
The parent and child and teacher all lose. GREAT JOB. If my words are
harsh I appologize but I am telling it like it is which most of the time
is best not mincing words. I am sure there is an answer to this so if you
want to really solve it ask Lori in the front line.You may be surprised.

Her cell phone---407-491-1464

---------------------------- Original Message ----------------------------
Subject: Makay Scholarships and Special Ed
From:    rwelsh@cdp.com
Date:    Wed, May 24, 2006 10:54 am
To:      jeb.bush@myflorida.com
Cc:      rwelsh@cdp.com
--------------------------------------------------------------------------

Dear Mr. Bush,
I wanted to share in real life not on paper how decisions can effect or
let me say have an unintended consequence if left alone. Let me a share a
real story as of yesterday. My wife and daughter God Bless them are
Special Ed teachers here in Florida. My wife works with kids with very
special needs at Champion School in Longwood Florida. Last night my wife
shares with me a conversation she had with Vicki the founder of the
school. Here are the key points. Vicki learned that the Makay group is
going to require a facility in order for any place like Champion to offer
teaching these very needy kids.Although in Longwood there is a facility
accross florida Special Ed teachers are teaching needy kids in there homes
and churches or wherever they can. As of yesterday if that happens
hundreds of thousands of kids State wide will lose the individual teaching
they desperately need. Lets look at the goal here. The goal with no one
left behind is, in my paraphrased version, find a way no matter what to
teach our children especially those with extreme needs and here we are
with one stroke of a pen in essence firing Teachers all over the State and
leaving the needy student and parent with no answer.Let me go on with
these needy kids in real life..These Special Ed kids need to continue
through the summer with the same process because these kids do not have
the retention as others do and if they stop they lose too much ground and
they never get ahead but the parent cannot afford to pay during the summer
as Makay stops until fall. I plead with you on 2 fronts. DO not let a
decision happen that hurts our kids and as of now that is on the plan.
Second get a summer grant of whatever vehicle in place so parents and us
as a community can help these kids progress.

I hope and pray my concerns are not just read but action occurs because of
it. If not I have failed.

Rex Welsh
General Manager
CDP
407-869-6700  Office
407-435-7781  Cell

www.cdp.com



Rex Welsh
General Manager
Columbia Data Products, Inc.
407-869-6700  Office
407-435-7781  Cell

From:	AskLott <asklott@FlaLottery.com>
Sent:	Wednesday, July 12, 2006 1:49 PM
To:	'meszaros.j@juno.com'
Cc:	AskLott; Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	FW: [*] Re: FW: dr.......FW: [*] Scam Florida Lottery

Dear Mr. Meszaros
 
Governor Bush does want to know what is affecting Florida's residents and
that is why he is CC'd on the e-mails he has forwarded for a response.
Unfortunately, he cannot personally handle every e-mail he receives for the
numerous issues constituents have. That does not mean he doesn't care rather
that he must entrust certain aspects to be handled by those most qualified
to do so. In this instance forwarding your e-mail directly to the Florida
Lottery was the most effective means of alerting us to a constituent's
input. We appreciate you contacting us with your concern regarding our Web
site and we wanted to ensure you that while the Web may have been down, it
had no effect on the actual drawing which was broadcast live as it is every
night. We understand the inconvenience you and many other players
experienced, but please be assured it did not alter the drawing. As
mentioned in the previous e-mail, our drawings are conducted under strict
security and are monitored by a company that is not affiliated with the
Lottery.
 
AskLott/dmr
 
 
-----Original Message-----
From: meszaros.j@juno.com [mailto:meszaros.j@juno.com]
Sent: Tuesday, July 11, 2006 8:57 PM
To: asklott@FlaLottery.com
Subject: [*] Re: FW: dr.......FW: [*] Scam Florida Lottery


I see our gofernor does not want to know what the left hand is doing.  That
is his problem not mine.  You will investigate yourself?  I am one of your
victims and nothing will change that.  Your stringent control is not for me.
I have been already victimized. 
From:	william metellus <metellus10@yahoo.fr>
Sent:	Wednesday, July 12, 2006 1:45 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	hello

           
      Dear Honorable Governor
I have a lot respect for america I believe there is not nation like america for that reason I am praying and fasting  specially for america people I am bishop Metellus willam 30 years ago I am fifty again the life in haiti I have compassion for poor people since 15 years I am looking for an organisation to help me with a budject but never found no body I judged good to think with you Mister Governor to help me please  try to see how you can support me with my budject ,there are my budjects number one ; I have a board 9 persons 
Metellus william
Metellus thamar 
Loudaence st felix
Micanor Valeus
Magloire fils aime
Monise st fleur
Ysler charles
jeannete jean
Joel Dieudone
but my wife and my daugther standing roung me to support me I think with 9 departement of haiti I have plan to dig well  to buill depot to buill populary cantine for poor people ,I encadre ten  school,I have plan to have 5 universities I remark there is no universities in haiti to help student ,and what I have to do dig well put the water make gardens  buill depot to help poor people .please honorable Governor help me for the love 
God.
                                May God bless you

  _____  

Yahoo! Mail réinvente le mail ! Découvrez le nouveau Yahoo! Mail et son interface révolutionnaire. 
From:	michael walsh <walsheyus@yahoo.com>
Sent:	Wednesday, July 12, 2006 1:30 PM
To:	rnardello@hollywoodfl.org
Cc:	dbrooks@hollywoodfl.org; cbenson@hollywoodfl.org; adiaz@hollywoodfl.org; jscarberry@hollywoodfl.org; rrawls@hollywoodfl.org; mssmith@hollywoodfl.org; cewagner@hollywoodfl.org; kwasserstrom@hollywoodfl.org; soliveri@hollywoodfl.org; canderson@hollywoodfl.org; pbober@hollywoodfl.org; bfurr@hollywoodfl.org; mgiulianti@hollywoodfl.org; msantibanez@hollywoodfl.org; jvogt@hollywoodfl.org; icombrinckgraham@hollywoodfl.org; helpmehoward@wsvn.com; dabbott@hollywoodfl.org; jcbrady@arnstein.com; fmcgarry@hollywoodfl.org; pj_g@bellsouth.net; thatsjustwrong@wsvn.com; lwexler@broward.org; esobel@aol.com; Geller, Steven; kmayes@clerk-17th-flcourts.org; pcerny@hollywoodfl.org; mjohns@hollywoodfl.org; greinfeld@hollywoodfl.org; sphillips@hollywoodfl.org; mpettit@hollywoodfl.org; jzaiter@hollywoodfl.org; clahoud@hollywoodfl.org; pwallace@hollywoodfl.org; dstabler@hollywoodfl.org; keith@hollywoodcounsel.com; mcannavan@hollywoodfl.org; gturek@hollywoodfl.org; Governor Jeb Bush; Newman, Rex; jbuscher@hollywoodfl.org; mmay@hollywoodfl.org; acintron@hollywoodfl.org; sida@hollywoodfl.org
Subject:	[*] Fwd: Request # 6095 has been received.
Attachments:	Request # 6095 has been received.

Dear Lt. Rich Nardello:                Internal Affairs Department- HPD
 
Ref: Citizen Request # 6095- No Response from you sir?
 
I called your office once again this morning to request your assistance once again concerning Major Frank McGarry in the C.O.P. Division etc. You have not returned my phone calls as we have spoken on the phone concerning this situation previously? Remember?
 
I have followed the correct procedures as they pertain to the chain of command for the securing of a Copy of Traffic data that was recorded by the (Two) Smart Trailers that were positioned in our resdiential area commencing on June 7, 2006 to June 15, 2006. ( N. 66th, and N. 67th avenues etc.)
 
First - Major Frank McGarrys office was contacted. No response?
Second- Sgt. Andrew Diaz. No response?
Third- Your Office-No response?
Fourth- Lt. D. Brooks- No response?
Fifth- Chief Scarberry- No response?
Sixth- District # 4 Commissioner Keith Wasserstrom- Awaiting a response?
Seventh- The City Manager- Mr. Benson- Awaiting a response?
 
In Summation:
 
I represent the Taxpaying Citizens and Residents in this immediate area that have signed the numerous petitions that have been circulated, and forwarded to the City of Hollywood that concern our current Safety Dilemma on the N. 66th avenue"Cut-Thru" residential corridor as the High Traffic Volumes, along with the associated Speeding are continuing to continue on the Long Distance Straightaway Between Stirling Rd, and Allen St at All Hours.  ( Five+ City Blocks in Distance.)
 
Should we all just look the other way Lt. Nardello as the Illegal "Cut-Thru" Truck Traffic continues in a Posted No-Thru Truck Zone that is not being adequately enforced, along with the Increasing High Traffic Volumes in addition to the Speeding that is occurring on this residential roadway that was not designed for this Large Influx of High Traffic Volumes ?
 
Should we wait for Accidents, and Fatalities to occur that could of been prevented had the necessary corrective measures been implemented that would hopefully of prevented same by the Traffic Engineer Mr. Santibanez?
 
Should we not contact the HPD to inform them of Our Safety Dilemma here on this Narrow Tree Lined Dark Avenue that is a Major Accident, or Fatality just waiting to occur at anytime due to The Increasing High Traffic Volumes etc?
 
Your response sir?
 
Thank you.
 
Michael Walsh
 
Area Constituent Spokesman- Hollywood City District # 4.


Note: forwarded message attached.

__________________________________________________
Do You Yahoo!?
Tired of spam? Yahoo! Mail has the best spam protection around 
http://mail.yahoo.com 
From:	Renate Clawson <renate_clawson@hotmail.com>
Sent:	Wednesday, July 12, 2006 1:25 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush; Mel_Martinez@martinez.senate.gov
Subject:	campaign contribution
Attachments:	republican slap.doc

Dear Governor and Senator,
 
Please find attached a letter to Mr. Vernon Robinson that might give you and the rest of the Republican Party the wake-up call you need.  Governor Bush, I have always supported you and your brother, but lately he and Senator Martinez have really gotten on my nerves.  Please tell them (and any other elected Republican) that I (and millions other like me) elected them to office to serve us, and to uphold the laws of the land.  If they can't do that, we will find someone who can.
 
Sincerely,
 
Renate Clawson
From:	danajo@bellsouth.net
Sent:	Wednesday, July 12, 2006 1:15 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Space Project - Northern Florida

This email is being written not with the hopes, wishes or dream of getting a honest reponse from Govenor Bush personally.  I know better.  I'm just a worried mother of two small children who fear the actions and comments by Govenor Bush will be harmful to many families living near Cecil Commerce Center in Duval AND CLAY COUNTY.   I'm well aware that a SpacePort and Master Jet Base CANNOT BE HOUSED TOGETHER AT ONE SMALL SITE which is currently known as Cecil Commerce Center.  To say otherwise is misleading the puplic.  Governor Bush, where are you going to live once you leave office??  What is going to be your next job?  Are you going to retire in your dream home miles away from any airport noise?  What quality of life issues are you going to have to  in your future?  

From:	Charles Sobchak <charles.sobchak@freescale.com>
Sent:	Wednesday, July 12, 2006 12:41 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush; Atwater, Jeff; Campbell, Walter; rnethery@humana.com; Jlenahan@humana.com; mlubitz@humana.com; bkerr@humana.com; dbaker@humana.com; cdickson@humana.com; susan.sheridan@cignabehavioral.com; keith.dixon@cignabehavioral.com
Cc:	Alicia Sobchak Work; CHARLES SOBCHAK
Subject:	Health Care Issue - dual coverage = no coverage?

To All:

We are being sued by a medical company for fees ($3,565) because our 
health insurance companies will not pay for it (due to an unknown dual 
coverage of Medical companies).  In addition, previously we've paid fees 
out of pocket that should have been covered by our health insurance 
company.  I greatly appreciate all of your time as this has been an 
extremely stressful situation that I do not comprehend.

From 1998 to 2005 my wife Alicia Bellini Sobchak was on my medical plan 
at Motorola (and then Freescale Semiconductor - Freescale was spun off 
from Motorola). The medical plan was called Motorla HAP and then HUMANA 
PPO : ChoiceCare+, Caremark (when Freescale was spun off from Motorola). 
This is a medical plan that I pay a monthly fee to include her on the 
plan. This medical plan was her primary plan since it cost us in excess 
of $600 per year to include her. In 2005 while filling out yearly paper 
work she unknowingly did not mark a box that said she declined her 
medical plan at her teaching position in Broward Community College. This 
free plan from BCC was CIGNA (HMO).  It was never our intention for her 
to take a free plan with less coverage that would cause her to change 
all of her doctors that she had for the previous 7 years while under my 
plan at Motorola.

In 2005 Alicia had some serious health issues and went to the same 
doctor that she has been going to for the previous 7 years. HUMANA PPO 
(Freescale plan of which I pay for) is telling us that because she 
unknowingly did not mark that box declining CIGNA coverage while filling 
out some yearly paperwork at BCC, the new free plan (of which she was 
never a part of) is her primary and that the Motorola/Freescale Health 
Care plan that I have been paying her for 7 years (and never had a 
problem with) is now deemed her secondary plan. First I must say we 
never even knew that there was such a thing as a primary or a secondary 
plan or that she didn't mark the box saying that she declined CIGNA 
coverage on the BCC paperwork.

HUMANA does not want to pay the medical bills because they say regardless that we 
have been on a paid plan by my employer for 7 years that they are not 
the primary (because of the BCC paper work saying she didn't decline 
CIGNA HMO coverage). CIGNA does not want to pay the bill since the doctor is 
not on their plan (the doctor is on my paid plan that we were part of 
for 7 years). We didn't even know she was insured by CIGNA.

So we are caught in the middle, the medical company wants its money and 
is thus suing us (and we've already paid fees out of pocket that 
should have been covered in our HUMANA plan). CIGNA says that we went to a doctor out of 
their coverage and shouldn't have to pay. HUMANA says they are our 
secondary and shouldn't pay anything? I desperately appreciate anyone's 
help in this matter. I don't think it makes logical sense.

1)    It was our assumption over the past 7 years that Alicia was only 
on my medical plan HUMANA (at Motorola and the Freescale Semiconductor).
2)    This is the plan with all of our doctors that we have built up a 
rapport with and never had any intention of changing it (or of changing 
our doctors to go on a free plan with less coverage).
3)    Even though she unknowingly didn't decline CIGNA coverage why does 
it matter?

Thank you,

Charles and Alicia Sobchak

954.915.8820
Charles.sobchak@freescale.com
Asobchak@broward.edu


From:	Sabo, Michael <Michael_Sabo@sheriff.org>
Sent:	Wednesday, July 12, 2006 12:18 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	RE: Governor Jeb Bush's IN THE NEWS... Friday, July 7, 2006

McCain - Bush 2008

-----Original Message-----
From: owner-govnews@elist.myflorida.com
[mailto:owner-govnews@elist.myflorida.com] On Behalf Of Governor Jeb
Bush
Sent: Saturday, July 08, 2006 6:47 AM
To: Governor Jeb Bush
Subject: Governor Jeb Bush's IN THE NEWS... Friday, July 7, 2006

For those E-Newsletter recipients who have Adobe Acrobat reader,
Governor
Bush's e-newsletter is available in .PDF format by clicking here:

http://www.flgov.com/in_the_news

The text version of the e-newsletter is below.


RECORD NUMBER OF FLORIDIANS USING SAFETY BELTS

On Thursday I announced that a record number of Floridians are using
safety
belts. The Preusser Research Group recently reported that 80.7 percent
of
drivers and their front seat passengers are using safety belts on
Florida
highways.  Overall, safety belt usage rates in Florida have climbed more
than 20 percent since 2000. A vast majority of Floridians are using
safety
belts. Wearing a safety belt saves lives. It is the single most
effective
way to prevent injuries and reduce fatalities in motor vehicle crashes.
For
more information on Florida's 'Click It or Ticket' safety belt campaign,
please visit www.clickitfla.com.


CHRISTA CALAMAS APPOINTED SECRETARY OF THE FLORIDA AGENCY FOR HEALTH
CARE
ADMINISTRATION

On Thursday I named Christa Calamas as Secretary of the Florida Agency
for
Health Care Administration (AHCA). Calamas most recently served as the
General Counsel for AHCA.  The appointment is effective July 8.
Previously,
she served as Assistant General Counsel to Governor Bush from 2002 to
2005.
Calamas replaces Secretary Alan Levine who was recently selected as the
new
CEO of the North Broward Hospital District. Christa's extensive
experience
in health care policy continues to be a great asset to my
administration. I
am confident Christa will continue the good work done by Secretary
Levine as
Florida implements landmark Medicaid reform, leads the nation in public
reporting of hospital information and begins the process of creating
networks for electronic medical records. All three of these priorities
will
fundamentally improve the way health care is delivered in our state. For
more information on Florida's consumer-driven health care initiatives,
please visit http://ahca.myflorida.com or www.floridacomparecare.gov. 


POINTS OF LIGHT AWARD PRESENTED TO ALICIA CRABTREE

On Wednesday I recognized Alicia Crabtree of Melbourne as this week's
Points
of Light Award recipient.  For over three years, Alicia has dedicated
her
time to volunteer efforts at the Melbourne Children's Home Society, an
organization designed to prevent child abuse and neglect. I am proud to
recognize Alicia for the tremendous impact she has had on the lives of
others less fortunate. She has given selflessly of her time and
resources
for the enhancement of others.  Alicia is to be commended for her
extraordinary commitment to the community and should serve as an example
to
us all.  For more information, or to nominate, go to
www.VolunteerFloridaFoundation.org.

Congratulations!

To read more about this week's winners, please click here: 
http://www.flgov.com/release/7975


GOVERNOR BUSH'S 2006 LEGISLATIVE INITIATIVES

Please visit www.govfloridaforum.com.
       
____________________________________________________________________
Volume 8, Issue 27
Copyright(c) 2006 State of Florida
 
If you would like to change your subscription or unsubscribe, please go
to:
http://www.myflorida.com/myflorida/subscribe.html


Thank you.





From:	ross greybill <ross2vegas@peoplepc.com>
Sent:	Wednesday, July 12, 2006 11:52 AM
To:	APP
Cc:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Fw: Emailing: this isnt right in so many ways..
Attachments:	ap_Karl_Rove_195_eng_11jul06_7.jpg; Nuts1-vi.jpg; nathan-bedford.gif; BushPeso.jpg

 
----- Original Message ----- 
From: ross greybill 
To: ross greybill 
Cc: LBL 
Sent: Wednesday, July 12, 2006 9:58 AM
Subject: Emailing: this isnt right in so many ways..

see comment #10 on bottom of the page..unreal
Free Republic
Home · Browse · Search 	Pings · Mail 	News/Activism
Topics · Post Article 	
  _____  


Skip to comments. 

2006 Q3 FReepathon. Target: $68,000	 Receipts & Pledges to-date: $56,017	
82%	  	
Woo hoo!! Adding in $31,000 in monthlies.. and we're now over 80 percent!! Thank you Monthlies!!	

(Audio) Karl Rove Speaking at the National Council of The Race ("La Raza")
P H X News | 11 July 2006 | Karl Rove


Posted on 07/12/2006 7:11:34 AM PDT by Spiff


  

CLICK HERE to listen to Audio of Speech
(Requires Windows Media Player) 

PHX News reporter Lobo got this audio of Karl Rove's speech to the National Council of The Race (La Raza) on Tuesday.


  _____  

TOPICS: Extended News; News/Current Events; Click to Add Topic
KEYWORDS: ALIENS; AMNESTY; BORDERSECURITY; IMMIGRANTLIST; IMMIGRATION; IMMIGRATIONREFORM; INVASION; KARLROVE; NCLR; OPENBORDERS; SELLINGOUTAMERICA; Click to Add Keyword 
  _____  

	
 

Donate Here By Secure Server 

Or mail checks to
FreeRepublic , LLC
PO BOX 9771
FRESNO, CA 93794

or you can use 

PayPal at Jimrob@psnw.com 

STOP BY AND BUMP THE FUNDRAISER THREAD-
It is in the breaking news sidebar! 
  _____  

[ Report Abuse | Bookmark ]
  _____  

A gem from the pandering speech: 

"You know there's an important parallel between the perception of Irish immigrants, or German immigrants, or Italian immigrants, or Nordic immigrants, or Chinese or Japanese immigrants, in the 19th and 20th century in what we're seeing in the debate today over immigration. Unfortunately, the debate has clouded the views of some people in America and lead them to fail to understand that Hispanics and all immigrants are real Americans."

With comments like this, Rove doesn't distinguish between legal immigrants and illegal aliens. And he states that his opposition (those who are against amnesty and rewards for illegal aliens) are "clouded" by some sort of misperception towards hispanics. 

Rove can go screw himself. It has nothing to do with whether the illegal aliens are hispanic or norwegian or even martians. It has to do with national security, national sovereignty, the rule of law, right and wrong, and what illegal aliens of every race, creed, nationality, color, and stripe are doing to our communities.


1 posted on 07/12/2006 7:11:38 AM PDT by Spiff 
[ Post Reply | Private Reply | View Replies | Report Abuse ]
  _____  

To: Spiff
This is a disgrace. There has never been any question, regardless of origin, that people who legally immigrate here through that legal progress are Americans. We are talking about illegal aliens Karl and George...they are decidedly NOT real Amreicans. They have broken our laws and invaded our country. We must control this invasion and inforce our laws...otherwise, our national soveriegnty and existance is at risk. 

I am sorry, but this stance and view on the immigration issue has soured me on the President's judgement in thi=s area. Although I wholly support how he has tken the war to the enemy on the Terror issue, he is leaving a gaping open flank to our national security on this issue and apparently is doing so to pander to the potential vote and approval of those who are here illegally in this country, and to push forward hios prosperity initiative which I view as un-American as well.


2 posted on 07/12/2006 7:18:29 AM PDT by Jeff Head (God, family, country) 
[ Post Reply | Private Reply | To 1 | View Replies | Report Abuse ]
  _____  

To: Spiff

At least we now know that the Bushies have chosen sides in the immigration debate, against the people...


3 posted on 07/12/2006 7:19:03 AM PDT by Goreknowshowtocheat 
[ Post Reply | Private Reply | To 1 | View Replies | Report Abuse ]
  _____  

To: Goreknowshowtocheat
... some people in America (and) lead them to fail to understand that Hispanics and all immigrants are real Americans." 

Is this sonofabitch really an intimate adviser to The President of The United States of America? A Republican who pretends to conservatism playing the race card? 

Despicable. 

 


4 posted on 07/12/2006 7:28:44 AM PDT by nathanbedford ("I like to legislate. I feel I've done a lot of good." Sen. Robert Byrd) 
[ Post Reply | Private Reply | To 3 | View Replies | Report Abuse ]
  _____  

To: Goreknowshowtocheat
Just a minor correction to your post: 

At least we now know that the Bushies have chosen sides in the immigration debate, against the American people...


5 posted on 07/12/2006 7:33:12 AM PDT by Ol' Dan Tucker (Karen Ryan reporting...) 
[ Post Reply | Private Reply | To 3 | View Replies | Report Abuse ]
  _____  

To: Spiff
For a guy with usually good political instincts, Karl Rove is acting like a guy that doesn't have a clue.
Bottom line" Rove had no business being at the meeting of a bunch of Mexican Nazis.
The fact that the RATS are sinking into the gutter fast, in a mad rush to kow tow to minority hate groups, doesn't mean the Republican Party has to do the same.

6 posted on 07/12/2006 7:33:38 AM PDT by Jameison 
[ Post Reply | Private Reply | To 1 | View Replies | Report Abuse ]
  _____  

To: Ol' Dan Tucker

Thanks..that is much better.


7 posted on 07/12/2006 7:35:28 AM PDT by Goreknowshowtocheat 
[ Post Reply | Private Reply | To 5 | View Replies | Report Abuse ]
  _____  

To: Ol' Dan Tucker
"At least we now know that the Bushies have chosen sides in the immigration debate, against the American people..."


Reluctantly, I have to agree with you on that.
President Bush is simply not thinking right on immigration.
All common sense has been thrown out the winder.
The only force standing between Americans and a sell out to a Nazi Mexican outfits, hate groups and reconquista haters, is the US House of Representatives, and the more sane majority of Republican Senators.
We simply have to step up our campaign with our House members, to make sure they don't give in to any blandishments from the amnesty/open borders crowd.

8 posted on 07/12/2006 7:38:37 AM PDT by Jameison 
[ Post Reply | Private Reply | To 5 | View Replies | Report Abuse ]
  _____  

To: Spiff

"You just have a problem with brown people." Karl Rove


9 posted on 07/12/2006 7:40:08 AM PDT by kellynla (Freedom of speech makes it easier to spot the idiots! Semper Fi!) 
[ Post Reply | Private Reply | To 1 | View Replies | Report Abuse ]
  _____  

To: Spiff
Michelle also noticed that Rove was speaking at a La Raza [The Race] conference. You just can't believe they could pander this hard after reading Michelle's article, but damn if it's not happening. 

‘La Raza’ schools: Your tax dollars at work 

Top White House adviser Karl Rove traveled to Los Angeles this week to pay homage to the anti-immigration enforcement lobbying group for Latinos: the National Council of La Raza. 

"La Raza" is Spanish for "The Race." 

It's bad enough the White House lent its prestige to The Race's annual conference. But did you know the Bush administration has forked over millions of federal tax dollars directly to The Race? 

According to GOP Rep. Charlie Norwood of Georgia, The Race snapped up $15.2 million in federal grants last year alone and more than $30 million since 1996. Undisclosed amounts went to get-out-the-vote efforts supporting La Raza political positions. The U.S. Department of Education funneled nearly $8 million in taxpayer grants to the group for a nationwide charter schools initiative. 

Among The Race's most infamous government-funded charter schools is La Academia Semillas del Pubelo, the Los Angeles public school that teaches "Aztec math" (ancient dot math is the new math) and the Mexican indigenous language of "Nahuatl." The ethnic separatist principal of the school, Marcos Aguilar, told a sympathetic UCLA interviewer: 

"We don't want to drink from a White water fountain, we have our own wells and our natural reservoirs and our way of collecting rain in our aqueducts. We don't need a White water fountain…We are not interested in what they have because we have so much more and because the world is so much larger. And ultimately the White way, the American way, the neo liberal, capitalist way of life will eventually lead to our own destruction." 

[Excerpt] 

‘La Raza’ schools: Your tax dollars at work


10 posted on 07/12/2006 7:43:34 AM PDT by conservativecorner 
[ Post Reply | Private Reply | To 1 | View Replies | Report Abuse ]
  _____  

To: Spiff
 

11 posted on 07/12/2006 7:46:10 AM PDT by conservativecorner 
[ Post Reply | Private Reply | To 1 | View Replies | Report Abuse ]
  _____  

To: Goreknowshowtocheat

TOUCHE' BUMP!


12 posted on 07/12/2006 7:46:58 AM PDT by conservativecorner 
[ Post Reply | Private Reply | To 3 | View Replies | Report Abuse ]
  _____  

To: Jeff Head

No candidate "managed" by Rove will ever get my vote. Ever!


13 posted on 07/12/2006 7:50:57 AM PDT by soccer_maniac (Fine employers $100,000 for every illegal employee they hire-> millions of illegals will self-deport) 
[ Post Reply | Private Reply | To 2 | View Replies | Report Abuse ]
  _____  

To: Spiff

thanks for posting bump!!!! 

Bush and Rove could care less about America, our laws and our soverignty. It is obvious that Rove is speaking for Bush when addressing a overtly racist hate group like la Raza. 

Principles before party.


14 posted on 07/12/2006 7:51:31 AM PDT by sasafras (("Licentiousness destroyes order, and when chaos ensues, the yearning for order will destroy freedom) 
[ Post Reply | Private Reply | To 1 | View Replies | Report Abuse ]

Disclaimer: Opinions posted on Free Republic are those of the individual posters and do not necessarily represent the opinion of Free Republic or its management. All materials posted herein are protected by copyright law and the exemption for fair use of copyrighted works. 

Free Republic
Home · Browse · Search 	Pings · Mail 	News/Activism
Topics · Post Article 	
  _____  

FreeRepublic, LLC, PO BOX 9771, FRESNO, CA 93794 
FreeRepublic.com is powered by software copyright 2000-2003 Robinson-DeFehr Consulting, LLC. 

  _____  

No virus found in this incoming message.
Checked by AVG Free Edition.
Version: 7.1.394 / Virus Database: 268.9.10/384 - Release Date: 7/10/2006

From:	Christy Callison <n00145626@unf.edu>
Sent:	Wednesday, July 12, 2006 11:56 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	[*] Expel junk food marketers from school

Dear elected official:

Our children need your help.  They are suffering from an epidemic of obesity and type 2 diabetes.  

It is wrong to allow soda pop, candy and fast food companies to market and sell junk food to our children in school.

Schools ought to stand on the side of parents in their effort to teach good & healthy values to children, not on the side of junk food marketers who teach unhealthy values.

I strongly urge you to do everything in your power to stop the marketing and sale of junk food in schools, and to introduce and pass legislation to implement the Childhood Obesity Prevention Agenda (www.commercialalert.org/copa.pdf).

The Childhood Obesity Prevention Agenda has been endorsed by leading authors, scientists and obesity experts from Harvard, Johns Hopkins, Stanford, Yale and other major research institutions, including Lawrence Cheskin (Director, Johns Hopkins Weight Management Center); Frances Moore Lappe (author, Diet for a Small Planet); Marion Nestle (author, Food Politics); Alvin Poussaint (Harvard Medical School); Walter Willett (Harvard School of Public Health). 

It has also been endorsed by the American College of Preventive Medicine, Center for Science in the Public Interest, Eagle Forum, Organic Consumers Association, and the Yale Prevention Research Center.

Christy Callison
13980 Fiesta Circle
Jacksonville, FL 32225

From:	ross greybill <ross2vegas@peoplepc.com>
Sent:	Wednesday, July 12, 2006 11:49 AM
To:	APP
Cc:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Fw: Emailing: BLOOMING IDIOT...
Attachments:	nightmare.jpg

 
----- Original Message ----- 
From: ross greybill 
To: ross greybill 
Cc: immigrationreform@sbcglobal.net 
Sent: Wednesday, July 12, 2006 10:30 AM
Subject: Emailing: BLOOMING IDIOT...

AGAIN, WHERE IS THE MEDIA, PUTTING HIS FEET TO THE FIRE??PEOPLE ARE BEING RAPED AND ASSUALTED AND N.Y TURNS ITS BACK..
Free Republic
Home · Browse · Search 	Pings · Mail 	News/Activism
Topics · Post Article 	
  _____  


Skip to comments. 

2006 Q3 FReepathon. Target: $68,000	 Receipts & Pledges to-date: $56,017	
82%	  	
Woo hoo!! Adding in $31,000 in monthlies.. and we're now over 80 percent!! Thank you Monthlies!!	

The Open Borders Mayor [Illegal Immigration Shamnesty Is Dead Mayor Bloomberg]
FrontPage ^ | July 12, 2006 | Heather MacDonald


Posted on 07/12/2006 5:02:26 AM PDT by conservativecorner


Last week, New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg put the world on notice that when an open borders enthusiast talks tough on enforcement, he’s probably faking it. 

Bloomberg testified before the Senate Judiciary Committee’s hearings on immigration reform in Philadelphia, convened to counter the House’s simultaneous hearings on the costs and risks of illegal immigration. The mayor offered an eloquent defense of open borders. The flow of people into the United States is a force of nature, beyond mortal control, he said. We can no more stop the influx than a beachgoer can stop the tides. The decision about whether to enter the country and under what conditions is entirely the immigrant’s, not the American people’s. 

But not to worry, Bloomberg reassured his audience. Immigration is at all times and in all forms an unmitigated boon. Illiterate, literate, skilled, unskilled—all immigrants are necessary. Without our current levels of immigration, Bloomberg said, the New York and national economies would “collapse” (apparently New York business deals rest precariously on free pizza delivery and low-cost restaurant dish-washing). 

In fact, we risk collapse for lack of immigrants, Bloomberg warned. High-skill industries like science and medicine are growing faster in other countries, he claimed. The solution: more immigrants—manual laborers as well as engineers. But no country has a higher rate or absolute number of immigrants than the U.S. If other countries are producing more skilled graduates, maybe it is because their school systems aren’t saddled with an ever-growing pool of foreign students from cultures that do not highly value academic achievement and their schools aren’t dragged by ethnic politics into enforced academic mediocrity. 

Predictably, Bloomberg called for amnesty for the 12 million illegals already here. Like all such advocates, he held out mass deportations as the only alternative—a straw man “solution” that no serious immigration reformer has proposed. 

Yet Bloomberg also tried to sound like an immigration cop. He decried the federal government’s failure to penalize employers who hire illegal aliens. He mocked the 1986 immigration reform law that prohibited employers from verifying a worker’s legal status. He called for a biometric social security card that would defeat counterfeiting. And he wanly conceded that perhaps a little bit of fencing on the border might be necessary, though he would prefer a “virtual wall.” 

So is a commitment to immigration enforcement compatible with the belief that the U.S. has a duty to take all non-terrorist comers, regardless of whether they enter in the trunk of a car or through customs? Nope. The ending of Bloomberg’s testimony thoroughly undermined his gestures toward the rule of law, making clear that the instincts that lead people to support amnesty and an unrestricted right of entry will defeat enforcement in the blink of an eye. 

In those final remarks, Bloomberg blasted a House proposal to penalize cities and counties that have “sanctuary laws.” These ubiquitous laws prohibit local government employees from notifying federal immigration authorities about the presence of illegal aliens. Sanctuary mandates create vast law-free zones where illegal immigrants know that they face virtually no risk of apprehension; the zones have notoriously protected criminals as well as itinerant roofers. 

In 1996, Congress responded by prohibiting local governments from restricting the speech of their workers in this way. To no avail. Virtually every sanctuary city proceeded to ignore this new federal law as well as the preexisting immigration laws. New York Mayor Rudolph Giuliani took his defiance to federal court. He lost his suit against the 1996 law, but—on September 10, 2001—declared his intention to continue violating it anyway. 

Mayor Mike Bloomberg has gone even further in backing the sanctuary policy. In 2003, the city faced a massive public relations fiasco following the rape of a Queens mother by a group of illegal Mexicans. New York police had arrested several of the Mexicans previously for other crimes, but reported none of them to the immigration agency. Congress hauled in the city’s criminal justice coordinator to testify about the city’s sanctuary law, after which Mayor Bloomberg—amazingly—strengthened the policy. And last week he declared his defiance of the Congressional will yet again. If Congress goes forward with its proposal to cut homeland security funds to localities with sanctuary rules, he told the Senate Judiciary Committee, it would have “one heck of a battle” on its hands. 

Bloomberg’s discussion of New York’s sanctuary law, like the law itself, was a clever piece of evasion. Trying to sound reasonable, the mayor told the hearing that “New York City cooperates fully with the Federal government when an illegal immigrant commits a criminal act.” But the crucial issue is whether the New York Police Department will report an illegal crime suspect to Immigration and Customs Enforcement, or whether it will merely “cooperate” with ICE when the federal agency is already seeking an illegal suspect. When the NYPD stops the next potential illegal rapist on a robbery charge, in other words, will it tell ICE to come and get him? 

Bloomberg’s updated sanctuary policy, Executive Order No. 41, is as misleading on this question as was his testimony. The order declares that law enforcement officers shall “cooperate with federal authorities in investigating and apprehending aliens suspected of criminal activity” but leaves ambiguous the question of the NYPD’s affirmative duty to report. City officers may report an illegal alien suspected of non-immigration-related illegal activity but have no obligation to do so. 

So how does the NYPD interpret its authority? Asked what the threshold was for reporting an illegal alien suspect to ICE, the NYPD press office simply referred to Executive Order No. 41—itself silent on the matter. Nor could the department say how many suspects it has reported to ICE over the past year and whether they represented all of the undocumented suspects who have come to the force’s attention. The department simply does not keep statistics on such matters. Needless to say, this ignorance about a crime problem and about the official response to it represents a remarkable lacuna of record-keeping for an agency that lives and dies by the numbers. 

Maybe ICE would know about how many illegal alien criminals the NYPD has reported to it? If so, it isn’t saying. Department of Homeland Security spokesman Mark Raimondi replied diplomatically when asked about the NYPD’s illegal alien reporting: “We have a strong working relationship with the NYPD; we work closely with the department and solve a lot of crimes together.” Yes, but there is this little matter of Executive Order 41. “The order does at times prevent the NYPD from sharing information that we’d like to have,” admitted Raimondi cautiously. 

It’s hard to blame the NYPD for what looks likely to be passivity regarding the reporting of illegal alien criminals. The message from the mayor’s office and from New York political elites runs in exactly the opposite direction, and without a clear affirmative mandate regarding illegal reporting, the safe policy is to do nothing. Executive Order No. 41 lays out the remarkable proposition that one’s status as an illegal alien is “confidential information” of the same order as one’s sexual orientation, status as a victim of sexual assault, or tax records. Mayor Bloomberg really does believe that illegal entry is an uncontrollable force of nature like “the tide,” as he puts it—people who come here illegally are no more responsible for their movements across the border than pieces of plankton. Given the protections that Executive Order No. 41 confers on illegal aliens, the NYPD might understandably demur from testing the reach of its authority under the order. 

So in Philadelphia, Bloomberg thumbed his nose at Congress yet again and dared that body to penalize him for violating the 1996 federal anti-sanctuary statute. New York would continue to ban its employees from reporting illegal aliens to the federal government, he said. The irony is that whenever anyone suggests allowing local law enforcement and other officials to cooperate with immigration agents, the open borders crowd responds that immigration enforcement is exclusively a federal responsibility. But how can federal agents discharge that responsibility when the people closest to the problem withhold needed information? 

Mayor Bloomberg provided a valuable service with his testimony last week. He demonstrated that the belief that “no person is illegal”—watchword of the amnesty movement, popularized by Los Angeles Cardinal Roger Mahoney—will trump the willingness to enforce immigration laws every time. That’s why those who believe in the rule of law must insist on the “enforcement first” strategy for immigration reform: defer amnesty and the liberalization of immigration rules until border security and interior enforcement are demonstrably working. Mayor Bloomberg and President Bush’s “comprehensive” approach of combining amnesty and higher levels of immigration with a promise of increased enforcement will inevitably lose its second half along the way.


  _____  

TOPICS: Business/Economy; Canada; Constitution/Conservatism; Crime/Corruption; Culture/Society; Foreign Affairs; Government; Mexico; News/Current Events; Philosophy; Politics/Elections; War on Terror; Click to Add Topic
KEYWORDS: ALIENS; AMNESTY; BLOOMBERG; IMMIGRANTLIST; IMMIGRATION; NEWYORKCITY; OPENBORDERS; SANCTUARYCITY; Click to Add Keyword 
  _____  

Help prevent this type of
Air Force One NIGHTMARE
from EVER happening again!
 
Support Free Republic!!!

Click Here to Donate to Free Republic By Secure Server 

Or mail checks to:         
FreeRepublic , LLC
PO BOX 9771
FRESNO, CA 93794

Or you can use:                      
PayPal at Jimrob@psnw.com 

STOP BY AND BUMP THE FUNDRAISER THREAD-
Found in the breaking news sidebar!
Fawnn

  _____  

[ Report Abuse | Bookmark ]
  _____  


1 posted on 07/12/2006 5:02:29 AM PDT by conservativecorner 
[ Post Reply | Private Reply | View Replies | Report Abuse ]
  _____  

To: conservativecorner
All Bloomberg was doing was agreeing with the position on immigration taken by Ronald Reagan. 

Reagan proposed an open border with Mexico 

More Reagan on open border with both canada and mexico. 

Note that in his "Shining City on a hill" description of the USA Reagan is saying the USA may need to have doors on its borders. But he also says those who make the effort to come here should find those doors open. 

Reagan does not say prospective immigrants need permission to enter USA. Reagan says just need to make the effort to come to the USA. Illegals who cross the border have certainly made the effort.


2 posted on 07/12/2006 5:15:39 AM PDT by Common Tator 
[ Post Reply | Private Reply | To 1 | View Replies | Report Abuse ]
  _____  

To: conservativecorner
The mayor offered an eloquent defense of open borders. The flow of people into the United States is a force of nature, beyond mortal control, he said. 

The ultimate liberal - eloquent in his refusal to fight to defend what he ownes.


3 posted on 07/12/2006 5:19:33 AM PDT by Ken522 
[ Post Reply | Private Reply | To 1 | View Replies | Report Abuse ]
  _____  

To: Common Tator
So what's your point? 

Reagan was a great President, but he was by no means perfect. 

His amnesty was a terrible mistake as we now see. 

L


4 posted on 07/12/2006 5:19:53 AM PDT by Lurker (2 months and still no Bill from Congressman Pence. What is he milking squids for the ink?) 
[ Post Reply | Private Reply | To 2 | View Replies | Report Abuse ]
  _____  

To: Lurker
Touche' BUMP! Reagan wasn't dealing with 11 to 20 million illegal aliens either. Since Reagan there have been 8 shamnestys, and not a single one has stopped the flow of illegal aliens. Stupidity is doing the same thing over and over and expecting a different result.

5 posted on 07/12/2006 5:23:54 AM PDT by conservativecorner 
[ Post Reply | Private Reply | To 4 | View Replies | Report Abuse ]
  _____  

To: conservativecorner
Stupidity? Try insanity. 

L


6 posted on 07/12/2006 5:24:57 AM PDT by Lurker (2 months and still no Bill from Congressman Pence. What is he milking squids for the ink?) 
[ Post Reply | Private Reply | To 5 | View Replies | Report Abuse ]
  _____  

To: Lurker

Reagan offered a limited amnesty that took on a life of it's own and he didn't face near the opposition Bush faces on immigration. If he had faced this kind of opposition he wouldn't have behaved like royalty, he would have accepted it as the will of the people.


7 posted on 07/12/2006 5:26:24 AM PDT by cripplecreek (I'm trying to think but nothing happens) 
[ Post Reply | Private Reply | To 4 | View Replies | Report Abuse ]
  _____  

To: cripplecreek
How right you are. This is another "Meirs moment" for President Bush. The good news is we won as Thomas Sowell pointed out yesterday in his column "People Power".

8 posted on 07/12/2006 5:36:14 AM PDT by conservativecorner 
[ Post Reply | Private Reply | To 7 | View Replies | Report Abuse ]
  _____  

To: Common Tator
"Reagan does not say prospective immigrants need permission to enter USA"

We have Kings in this country now, and that King is above the law? Immigration laws passed by congress?
Hey guys, King Reagan does not say immigrants need permission to enter this country, so it must be so.

9 posted on 07/12/2006 5:40:17 AM PDT by Jameison 
[ Post Reply | Private Reply | To 2 | View Replies | Report Abuse ]
  _____  

To: conservativecorner
How can anyone put the brilliance of Ronald Reagan and Bloomy in the same frame???

Bloomy is just that...a blooming idiot....

10 posted on 07/12/2006 5:50:41 AM PDT by HarleyLady27 (My ? to libs: "Do they ever shut up on your planet?" "Grow your own DOPE: Plant a LIB!") 
[ Post Reply | Private Reply | To 1 | View Replies | Report Abuse ]
  _____  

To: conservativecorner
Actually: 

"Insanity is doing the same thing over and over and expecting a different result" That's from Albert Einstein.


11 posted on 07/12/2006 6:02:16 AM PDT by stopem (God Bless the U.S.A the Troops who protect her, and their Commander In Chief !) 
[ Post Reply | Private Reply | To 5 | View Replies | Report Abuse ]
  _____  

To: stopem

Thanks much for the correction.


12 posted on 07/12/2006 6:04:52 AM PDT by conservativecorner 
[ Post Reply | Private Reply | To 11 | View Replies | Report Abuse ]
  _____  

To: conservativecorner

Sorry, actually, stupidity...insanity....what's the difference when it comes to this issue....LOL:)


13 posted on 07/12/2006 6:06:16 AM PDT by stopem (God Bless the U.S.A the Troops who protect her, and their Commander In Chief !) 
[ Post Reply | Private Reply | To 12 | View Replies | Report Abuse ]
  _____  

To: HarleyLady27

See post #7.


14 posted on 07/12/2006 6:11:14 AM PDT by conservativecorner 
[ Post Reply | Private Reply | To 10 | View Replies | Report Abuse ]
  _____  

To: conservativecorner

Did the Joisey girls have a comment?


15 posted on 07/12/2006 6:35:53 AM PDT by ClaireSolt (.) 
[ Post Reply | Private Reply | To 14 | View Replies | Report Abuse ]
  _____  

To: Common Tator

Bloomberg is a traitor and an anti-American.


16 posted on 07/12/2006 6:47:19 AM PDT by Marcaurelio 
[ Post Reply | Private Reply | To 2 | View Replies | Report Abuse ]
  _____  

To: conservativecorner

"Without our current levels of [ILLEGAL] immigration, Bloomberg said, the New York and national economies would “collapse” " (added for clarity) 

So it's not the Bush tax cuts after all? I don't recall Bush even mentioning illegal labor in his speech yesterday?


17 posted on 07/12/2006 7:32:31 AM PDT by Kimberly GG (Tancredo '08) 
[ Post Reply | Private Reply | To 1 | View Replies | Report Abuse ]

Disclaimer: Opinions posted on Free Republic are those of the individual posters and do not necessarily represent the opinion of Free Republic or its management. All materials posted herein are protected by copyright law and the exemption for fair use of copyrighted works. 

Free Republic
Home · Browse · Search 	Pings · Mail 	News/Activism
Topics · Post Article 	
  _____  

FreeRepublic, LLC, PO BOX 9771, FRESNO, CA 93794 
FreeRepublic.com is powered by software copyright 2000-2003 Robinson-DeFehr Consulting, LLC. 

  _____  

No virus found in this incoming message.
Checked by AVG Free Edition.
Version: 7.1.394 / Virus Database: 268.9.10/384 - Release Date: 7/10/2006

From:	Earthwindskypel@cs.com
Sent:	Wednesday, July 12, 2006 11:45 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Terrorism and trains

Subj: Terrorism and trains 
Date: 7/12/2006 10:56:23 AM Eastern Daylight Time 

Dear Honerable Governor Jeb Bush,

     Enclosed is a copy of a letter i sent to the president and wanted to pass this along to you in concern for our railways and public transportaion systems that carry nuclear waste and gases that go unprotected.I believe we as citizens in the State of Florida should bring this to your attention in the hope that you can impose a procedure of any type to secure this area and areas that may be open for a terrorist attack up to and including involvement of our homeland security.Thank you for you kind attention in this most serious matter.
                                                             Sincerely,
                                                     John D.Schaeffer Jr.
                                                           (Florida)





Dear President Bush,

I apologise for writing so much and know you are very busy.But i saw on a news cast,that our train systems that carry nuclear waste products and gases such as chlorine ect are litterally unprotected and or unsecured.I am surprised that we have not been attacked in this manner.Since some attention has been brought to light on this subject we also must look into other areas that are unprotected.My concern is that if the news media can uncover this potential hazzard.I feel that all news agencies should report these findings to homeland security before making any public statements thus creating an avenue of approach for these terrorists home and abroad.Thank you for your time in this very serious matter.

Sincerely,
John D.Schaeffer Jr. 
From:	ross greybill <ross2vegas@peoplepc.com>
Sent:	Wednesday, July 12, 2006 11:44 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Cc:	APP
Subject:	Fw: Virtual Hearing on Immigration - boo whoo..i hate illegal    whinning.. whaaaa


----- Original Message ----- 
From: "Congress.org" <no-reply@congress.org>
To: "Congress.org" <no-reply@congress.org>
Sent: Tuesday, July 11, 2006 8:17 PM
Subject: Virtual Hearing on Immigration - boo whoo..i hate illegal 
whinning.. whaaaa


> Thank you for using Congress.org Mail System
>
> Message sent to the following recipients:
> Governor Bush
> Representative Miller
> Senator Martinez
> Senator Nelson
> Mr. President
> Representative Sansom
> Senator Clary
> Message text follows:
>
> ROSS GREYBILL
> 322 CHICAGO AVE
> VALPARAISO FL, FL 32580-1322
>
>
> July 11, 2006
>
> [recipient address was inserted here]
>
>
> [recipient name was inserted here],
>
> FIRST AND FOREMOST, YOU ASK ANY AND ALL OF THESE ILLEGAL ALIENS,.. WHAT
> DID THEY THINK AND WHAT WOULD HAPPEN, WHEN THEY WERE CAUGHT?....THATS WHAT
> I THOUGHT...PLEASE STOP YOUR WHINNING AND CRYING ...YOU PACKED THE PIPE,
> NOW YOU HAVE TO SMOKE IT....FACT: YOUR HERE ILLEGALLY (AGAINST THE LAW)
> ILLEGAL ENTRY INTO MEXICO IS 2 YRS IN PRISON...LOOK IT UP,,,FACT:
> AMERICANS WANT IMMIGRATION.....JUST "LEGAL" IMMIGRATION,  YES IT IS
> PERSONAL FOR ME, MY ANCESTORS CAME HERE WITH NOTHING AND EXPECTED
> NOTHING...NOT FOOD, NOT HEATHCARE, SCHOOLING,  ...OR ANY BABYSQUIRTING
> TECHNICS (WHICH YOUVE MASTERED)..SORRY THANK YOU LA RAZA, FOR WAKING UP A
> MONSTER..DONT BE MAD AT 200 MILLION AMERICANS .THANK YOU LA RAZA...DONT
> LET THE BORDER HIT YA ON THE WAY OUT...NO MAS...ASTA LA VISTA  HOMBRE!
>
> Sincerely,
>
>
> ROSS GREYBILL
> 850 678 7955
>
> This message has been verified by CapwizXC as authentic and sent by this
> individual.  Authentication ID: [LKK30Jt5]
>
>
>
>
> -- 
> No virus found in this incoming message.
> Checked by AVG Free Edition.
> Version: 7.1.394 / Virus Database: 268.9.10/384 - Release Date: 7/10/2006
>
> 

From:	Dale, Kimberly
Sent:	Wednesday, July 12, 2006 11:42 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	RE: trip to Ireland.  For Atn of Governor Bush

I have shared with Pam Dana and Tara Wainwright.

-----Original Message-----
From: Governor Jeb Bush 
Sent: Wednesday, July 12, 2006 9:10 AM
To: Dale, Kimberly
Subject: FW: trip to Ireland. For Atn of Governor Bush


 
-----Original Message-----
From: Mnicp2@cs.com [mailto:Mnicp2@cs.com]
Sent: Wednesday, July 12, 2006 1:00 AM
To: Governor Jeb Bush
Subject: re: trip to Ireland. For Atn of Governor Bush


Dear Governor:

I just got an email from Irish Radio letting me know that you are going over to Ireland on Friday.  As usual, I will have nothing but the greatest praise for you.  I do not know if you will get this before you leave, I hope so.

If you have any special message or even a little greeting for the Irish speaking public, I will be thrilled to pass it on for you via radio.

I hope you get to meet  Eamon o Cuiv, the grandson of the late  President De Valera who is a great hero of mine.  In his early 20's he left his very comfortable lifestyle in Dublin and went to work and live in Connemara at a farmers co-op so that the Irish Language speaking people there would have a better life.  We call him  Young Dev.

It would be wonderful if they could bring you to either see the coffin of  Matt Talbot or the Laneway where he died on his way to Mass.  He will eventually become a saint.  He came from a very poor family and worked at a mill.  In his younger days he drank a lot and is now the saint that people pray to for their families who have addictions.  He is very much the patron saint of Dublin but he let me down badly when he let Terri Schaivo die.

You will probably see the General Post Office in O'Connell Street, Dublin where the fighting took place in 1916 and as a result we got our freedom.

Knock, Co. Mayo is where the Blessed Virgin was said to appear on the Gabel End of the Church there.  

Holy Cross Abbey in Tipperary has a portion of the True Cross on display.  It is tiny but you can actually see it.

Holy Cross Abbey is not far from the Rock of Cashel  where my ancestor,  King Brian Boru, the King of Munster. (from Ahearne, brother of King Brian Boru who had a son called Floinn and his son was Raith from whom my grandmother's family, The McGraths are descended).  My ancestor Bishop Miller McGrath is buried on the Rock of Cashel).  Close to the Rock of Cashel, as you approach it from Dublin and look down to the right, that land belongs to Vincent O'Brien the famous race horse trainer where JR Ewing (Larry Haggman) and other famous people have their horses trained.
I do not know if our greatly loved prime Minister Bertie Ahearne knows that King Brian Boru, King of Munster, who was killed at the battle of Clontarf in 1014 had a brother called Ahearne?

Gaelic Greetings:

Ta athas orm a bheith anseo  = I am pleased to be here.
Phonetic:   Thaw awhas orm (like worm without the w) a veh onsho.
                  Thaw awhas orm a veh onshow.
----------------

Gura Maith agaibh = Thank You All  
Phonetic:  Gorra Mawh Agiv

-------------
Gura Maith agat, A Thaoiseach =  Thank You Taoiseach.
Phonetic:  Gorra Mawh aguth, A Heeshoch.

-----------
On a toast raising a glass:   Slainte  (Good Health) = phonetically Slawnte.
You can reply by also saying just Slawnte.

------------
Slan =  Goodbye.
Phonetic:  Slawn

-------------
Famous Dublin Characters:   Forty Coats (A vagrant).  Old Bang Bang ran from Church to Church saying Bang Bang both in the 1920's.

Molly Malone one of Dublin's best known songs...a ficticious character, a fish seller:  "she wheeled her wheelbarrow through streets broad and narrow".

Dicey Riley:  another song about a ficticious person: 

"Poor Auld Dicey Riley, she has taken to the sup,
Poor Auld Dicey Riley,  she cannot give it up,
It's off each morning to the hop, then she pops in for another little drop.

The relatively new sculpture near Trinity College is nicknamed "The Flousie in the Jaccouzi".

If you land in Shannon,  they may take you to Dromoland Castle home of the O'Brien Chieftain, Conor O'Brien, Lord Insequin.  (Some of the family were called Heffernan and Quinn,  thus the town in Co. Clare called Quinn and thus the title Lord Insequin).
The Blind Poet Liam Dall O'Heffernan, of the Lord Insequin family wrote a poem Called Kathleen Ni hUallachain which became the secret name for Ireland and a painting of a woman called Lady Lavery depicted Kathleen Ni hUallachain on the old Irish Pound Note now out of circulation,  you will be using Euro coins now.  If Mrs. Bush is going with you,  this is somewhere she should see.  Very interesting but not as beautiful is the nearby Bunratty Castle.  If given a choice,  go to Dromoland Castle.

-------------


If there are any other Gaelic words that you need,  I will be thrilled to send them to you.  Every year in the past I called the White House Speech Writers Dept. and asked if they needed any words for your brother the President for his St. Patrick's Day speech and nobody ever called me back.

I hope you will really enjoy your visit to Ireland.

Kind regards,
Maire Peters (from Ireland, living in Naples)






From:	aracelis crespo <caramel0415@yahoo.com>
Sent:	Wednesday, July 12, 2006 10:51 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	GUNS and CRIME

Goodmorning:
 
My name is Aracelis and I have some concerns regarding Central Florida that I would like to share with you Mr.Bush. Fisrt the Criminality here in Central Florida is going up incredibly, drugs, hate crime, robbery are just a few for the reason of all this chaos. People are not taking this seriously and now days is not safe to be anywhere and right now I'm pregnant and I just wonder what kind of world will my baby be born. Secondly I truly believe Florida needs stronger Laws for Guns. It's so easy to obtain a gun, or any other weapons like an orange on the side of the road. I know you see the news and everbody seems not to be scare to pull the trigger of a gun to anybody child or adults. Its a very serious matter to me and I'm scare for me and my family. It's not safe, it's not safe. I would like to know if can help our communities to be safe and have more powerful and hard laws in order to obtain guns or any other dangerous weapons. WATCH for the GUN SHOW if you go there everything is for sale. I know your busy and you are great but it's scary when is not safe to go outside our home because somebody can shot at us or steal and beat us up for sometimes nothing. I also believe the punishment should be harder. Thank you for your time, thank you Aracelis   

  _____  

Do you Yahoo!?
Everyone is raving about the all-new Yahoo! Mail Beta.
From:	Rodney Lozada <rlozada@gray-robinson.com>
Sent:	Wednesday, July 12, 2006 10:49 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Dear Governor Bush,

Dear Governor Bush,

I came to Florida from New York City two years ago with the dream of owning my own home. I have been able to achieve that dream. With everything going up, such as property taxes, homeowners insurance, gasoline, and the general cost of living, it is getting really hard to keep up with that American dream.  I see everything going up as mentioned above except for salaries.  Although in New York City the cost of living was high, the salaries were high enough to compensate the cost of living.  Maybe that is what we need in Florida, better salaries to keep up with the rising costs so that Floridians can afford to stay in the state.
 
At this point, I am not so sure Florida was the right state to come to. I thought the State of Florida would stand by its Florida citizens. 

Sincerely, 
Rodney J. Lozada

Rodney J. Lozada
File Clerk
Insurance Defense
GrayRobinson, P.A.
201 N. Franklin Street, Suite 2200
Tampa, Florida 33602
Phone - 813-273-5223 
Fax - 813-273-5145 
Email - rlozada@gray-robinson.com


Disclaimer Under Circular 230: Any statements regarding tax matters made herein, including any attachments, cannot be relied upon or used by any person to avoid tax penalties and are not intended to be used or referred to in any marketing or promotional materials.


This e mail contains legally privileged and confidential information intended only
for the individual or entity named within the message.  If the reader of this 
message is not the intended recipient, or the agent responsible to deliver it to
the intended recipient, you are hereby notified that any review, dissemination,
distribution or copying of this communication is prohibited.  If this
communication was received in error, please notify us by reply e mail and delete
the original message.


From:	CARSONCODY@aol.com
Sent:	Wednesday, July 12, 2006 10:47 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Fwd: FW: [*] regarding child support dispersment unit
Attachments:	Fwd: FW: [*] regarding child support dispersment unit

 
From:	Todd Vickers <jtoddsnapper@yahoo.com>
Sent:	Wednesday, July 12, 2006 10:25 AM
To:	campaign@CharlieCrist.com; Charlie@CharlieCrist.com; Crist, Charlie; info@tg2006.com; Governor Jeb Bush; Jeb@Jeb.org; Gallagher, Tom; tom@tg2006.com
Subject:	i million

We were very disappointed to learn from Florida Family Association that the Florida Retirement System defends their position to be invested in Movie Gallery, the nation's largest retailer of hardcore porn videos.

Coleman Stipanovich's response states in part, "..investment staff are legally required to act solely in the best interest of the beneficiaries."

If fiscal stewardship is the FRS's "sole" legal responsibility to state retirees then why is the Florida Retirement System holding on to the rapidly declining Movie Gallery stock?

Movie Gallery stock plunged from $32 per share in mid-July 2005 to $8 per share on October 15, 2005. In less than three months Movie Gallery stock has dropped seventy-five percent. The stock is expected to decline more. 

FRS defending this investment in the nation's largest retailer of hardcore porn videos with the "fiscal responsibility" criteria is most irrational given Movie Gallery's recent financial distress! .

Regardless of the fiscal issue, the State of Florida should not be investing in companies that profit from hardcore pornography.

This administration's decision to keep an investment in the largest hardcore pornography video retailer in the country given the company's rapid financial decline defies the moral and fiscal values that many Floridians expected when they voted for this administration. 

Please divest the State of Florida from this porn stock and set policy to prevent future investments in porn companies.

Sincerely,

Todd Vickers
jtoddsnapper@yahoo.com 
From:	Dick Glick <dglickd@pipeline.com>
Sent:	Wednesday, July 12, 2006 10:08 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush; Bronson, Charles H.;  portilla.alex.web@flsenate.gov; pfairey@fsec.ucf.edu; curranm@doacs.state.fl.us
Cc:	gillum@talgov.com; mustianm@talgov.com; lightsey@talgov.com; katza@talgov.com; marks@talgov.com; wailesk@talgov.com; Lindley, Mary Ann; Ritchie, Bruce; bberlow@tallahassee.com; oklinger@oildom.com; jshare@oildom.com; rita@oildom.com; jslaitner@aceee.org; worldwatch@worldwatch.org; drakestraw@worldwatch.org; cflavin@worldwatch.org; odahle@worldwatch.org; larry.minear@tufts.edu; mattwald@nytimes.com; Dan_Arvizu@nrel.gov
Subject:	[*] Renewable Natural Gas -- Indiana and Everybody Else
Attachments:	pdf_button.png; printButton.png; emailButton.png

Hello All --

Reynolds, Indiana's renewable natural gas effort points the way toward general renewable natural gas solutions, see below.  Reynolds uses waste as the basis for their effort -- this waste effort is similar to many  around the world -- there are at least 3000 manure matches in Germany and millions, large and small mostly in Asia.   Historically, such production has been associated with waste water treatment systems.

Our direction is non-waste, Renewable natural gas, “RNG”, produced under similar anaerobic fermentation conditions along with compost-fertilizer from biomass grown specifically as process feedstock.  

With a similar objective, perhaps, we offer the application of anaerobic fermentation to a familiar problem associated with water treatment.  Under our conditions, we offer a solution to the waste water spray irrigation problem.  Our process has these advantages:

1.     There are no waste products affecting the environment – 

2.     Process useful biomass comes in many forms –

a.     the principle forms are mostly giant, perennial legumes

b.    several other plant types would be of use in spray fields 

                                          i.    such that each 500 acres could produce as much as 

1.     4 megawatt equivalents of useful power and other forms of energy

2.     assuming a spray field of  500 acres would satisfy the needs of 25,000

3.     outstanding compost-fertilizer-soil amendment that, after application, would further reduce runoff 

                                         ii.    Tallahassee would need 5000 acres producing 40 MW equivalents

                                        iii.    Florida 320000 acres that would provide in excess of 2500 MW 

 

Application in other Southern U. S. states could involve some ten times that in Florida and produce as much as 25000 MW equivalents of energy.

More tomorrow -- but remember:

 The State of Florida announced in summer 2003 a Governor's initiated program ....... ".... to develop a Statewide Energy Plan: Energy Planning for Florida's Future".  The report contain this admonition:
"The prime source of funds to support advances in energy efficiency and 
renewable energy resources in Florida is controlled by private utilities, 
whose business objective is to maximize profits rather than to conserve 
scarce energy resources."  

And the petroleum and the automobile and the ... so on and so on!
Best, Dick Glick -- 
www.CorpFutRes.com
  _____  

U.S. farm town tries for all-renewable energy 	  	  	  	
Written by ASHLEY M. HEHER    http://planetsave.com/	
Sunday, 09 July 2006 	
REYNOLDS, Indiana (AP) _ This farming hamlet is aiming to generate its own electricity and gas, using everything from municipal trash to farm waste, hog manure and even town sewage. 

Some of the 20,000 hogs on the William Shroeder farm Thursday, June 22, 2006 in Reynolds, Ind. The waste generated by area hogs will help Reynolds become the nation's first community to use renewable resources to fuel their entire energy needs. (AP Photo/John Harrell) 

If the experiment works, Reynolds and its 500 residents will be America's first community to use renewable resources to meet the energy needs of all their homes and businesses. 

``It's not like we have a blueprint to follow,'' said farmer William Schroeder, 52. ``We're going by the seat of our pants.'' 

Dubbed Biotown USA, the project is the brainchild of Indiana's Department of Agriculture. State officials hope to break ground in November on a $10 million (euro7.8 million) ``technology suite,'' a privately funded center that will house the core equipment needed to turn manure and other biomass material into energy. It should generate electricity for the town by July 2007. 

From there, state officials hope another $10 million (euro7.8 million) from private investors will upgrade the system so it can also produce natural gas. 

Much of the technology has been implemented elsewhere in waste treatment centers and industries like paper manufacturing, researchers said. But Biotown would be the first time the machinery is combined and working in synch. 

Proponents say the project will lower local utility costs and help the environment. Organizers estimate a barrel of biomass will cost about $40 (euro31.30). Crude oil edged above $75 a barrel this past week. 

``Our goal, and what we're going to continue to work on, is for it to cost less,'' said Ryan West, who is leading the Biotown project for the Agriculture Department. ``We said we'd call it a failure if energy bills went up.'' 

If the project succeeds, Reynolds could be a prototype for reducing America's dependence on foreign oil. 

``This becomes a living laboratory for us,'' said Bernie Engel, head of the agricultural and biological engineering department at nearby Purdue University. ``Reynolds may be a demonstration location for some of this initially. And then we'll see it hopefully spreading beyond that.'' 

First, however, it has to take hold in Reynolds. 

Farmer Roger Wiese, 65, has not decided yet whether to sell 2 million gallons (7.6 million liters) of hog manure to Biotown instead of using it as fertilizer on his fields. He will agree only if he can make a profit. 

``There's not enough money in agriculture that we can run it as a charity,'' he said. ``Without it working economically, it doesn't become feasible.'' 

State officials said they do not need total participation from local farmers. A study found there were more than 150,000 hogs within 15 miles (24 kilometers) of town, and organizers estimate the animals, along with other organic waste in the area, are enough to produce 74 times the energy Reynolds needs. 

Town fire chief Rick Buschman says Biotown is ``the greatest thing to hit Reynolds'' in years. His family has bought a half-dozen new flex-fuel vehicles _ able to run on various fuels including ethanol-gasoline blends _ as part of a deal offered by General Motors. 

``We want to participate in the program any way we can,'' he said. 

So far, residents have bought more than 100 new cars and trucks under the program. A $400,000 (euro313,038) renovation project of the town's single gas station should add a pump for E-85 fuel _ 85 percent ethanol and 15 percent gasoline _ by the end of the summer. 

``Some people are questioning if we save money,'' said Christine McGill, a cook, waitress and hostess at USA Family Restaurant. ``To me, what if we don't? We're still saving the environment.'' 

From:	America America <america12345_2006@hotmail.com>
Sent:	Wednesday, July 12, 2006 10:05 AM
To:	president@whitehouse.gov; vpatton@sla.purdue.edu; vandertk@princeton.edu; tmcmahon@engr.wisc.edu; skulp@hbs.edu; sheppard@cdr.stanford.edu; seharris@ee.stanford.edu; russell.wilkerson@ge.com; rep.stratton.bone@legislature.state.tn.us; rbanks@stanford.edu; mbaker@hbs.edu; linda.boff@ge.com; lgorchels@bus.wisc.edu; led24@cornell.edu; lcyr@hbs.edu; JUPRP@ksg.harvard.edu; jonathan.klein@ge.com; Governor Jeb Bush; jdavis@hbs.edu; gwiens@ufl.edu; greg.farrett@ge.com; goodson@vk.stanford.edu; gmcole@stanford.edu; gary.sheffer@ge.com; evas@SLAC.stanford.edu; eshleman@star.stanford.edu; ddebra@sun-valley.stanford.edu; dcampbell@hbs.edu; cgilbert@hbs.edu; CBaldwin@hbs.edu; boyd@stanford.edu; blf2@cornell.edu; barness@soc.purdue.edu; agoodman@cfa.harvard.edu; aedmondson@hbs.edu; aaker_jennifer@gsb.stanford.edu
Subject:	you are struggling to keep your Minorities and Ethnics alive !


You American, you are struggling to keep your Minorities and Ethnics alive !

American Scum !

_________________________________________________________________
Express yourself instantly with MSN Messenger! Download today - it's FREE! 
http://messenger.msn.click-url.com/go/onm00200471ave/direct/01/

From:	Sutphin, Glenn LTC (Ret) FL-ARNG <glenn.sutphin@us.army.mil>
Sent:	Wednesday, July 12, 2006 9:28 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	[*] RE: [*] My Grandson - Pvt. Justin C. Dina

Sir,

Have set the discharge for this Soldier and have spoken with his mother. Case
closed.

VR,
Glenn

-----Original Message-----
From: Governor Jeb Bush [mailto:Jeb.Bush@MyFlorida.com] 
Sent: Tuesday, June 27, 2006 10:18 AM
To: Sutphin, Glenn LTC (Ret) FL-ARNG
Subject: FW: [*] My Grandson - Pvt. Justin C. Dina



-----Original Message-----
From: patriciadina@comcast.net [mailto:patriciadina@comcast.net]
Sent: Sunday, June 25, 2006 10:38 AM
To: Governor Jeb Bush
Subject: [*] My Grandson - Pvt. Justin C. Dina


Dear Governor Bush:

From the moment my grandson, Justin, turned 17 years old on November 25,
2004, many branches of the military had vigorously pursued his enlistment.
In 
particular, the U.S. Army literally wined and dined Justin for a solid year
and 
a half.  We had realized that the military was allowed to talk to high school

students,  but we believed that they could not do so without our knowledge or

consent.  We recently learned that Spanish River High School coach, Mrs.
Miller, 
escorted Justin out to see a recruiter when he was only 17 years old.  This
was accomplished without any advance notice to us that she planned on
becoming Justin's "adult" escort.  That a high school coach took the liberty
upon herself 
to alter the course of an underage person for whom she was not their legal 
guardian is horrifying to say the least.  Justin was a great student and good

tennis player.  He lost interest in both after being literally brain-washed
for 
a year and a half by the U.S. Army recruiter, Sgt. Gaddy.  This recruiter
painted such a grandiose, adventurous picture of military life that even he
couldn't possibly believe what he was saying.  But my grandson was very
naive.  Sgt. Gaddy even had Justin convinced that there was a very good
possibility that Justin would never be sent to Iraq once his training had
been completed.  By the time Justin was going away, he would not listen to a
word his family said.  Justin had advised me on numerous occasions that the
Army was his "real" family.  That the Army was the only one who cared about
him.  That his 
Army buddies were his "brothers" and they, not us, would always have his
back.  We (his family) became the enemy.  When we would try to discuss his
enlistment, Justin would put his hands over his ears, mumble unintelligible
words and walk away from us.  It was insane.  He was like some kind of
robotic zombie.  He was truly the victim of some serious brain-washing. His
attitude and temperament had dramatically changed. This was not the Jus
tin we raised. 

	When Justin turned 18 years old, he was a senior in high school.  He 
signed up for the delayed enlistment program to go into airborne infantry.
They 
had Justin swear in and take a physical at that time.  Immediately after the 
swear-in, which was shortly after his eighteenth birthday, Sgt. Gaddy told 
Justin he was now the property of the U.S. Army and that he was committed to 
serving 8 years in the military.  He told Justin that he had to report to
boot 
camp at the end of high school or face serious consequences such as 
court-martial, etc.  And, during this entire time you had to realize that
Sgt. 
Gaddy was keeping in touch with Justin on a daily basis.  He constantly
filled 
Justin with unrealistic views of military life.  He convinced Justin who was 
supposed to pursue a tennis scholarship at FSU, that college life was not for

him.  He told Justin a real man defended his family and country.  This went
on 
for months on end.  Sgt. Gaddy was relentless in his pursuit of Justin.  And
in the end he won!

	
	On Memorial Day, May 29, 2006, we took Justin to the Recruiting
Office.  
Once there, Sergeant First Class Stephen J. Canonico, told Justin that he
would 
be taken to Miami, stay overnight in a hotel and then catch a plane the next
day to Ft. Benning, GA.  He told Justin he would be sworn in a second time
and 
undergo a second physical.  At that point, I tried to tell Justin that if he 
needed to be sworn in again, that the first swear-in apparently didn't mean 
anything and that he could walk away.  But the recruiter kept telling Justin
it 
was only a formality and inferred that Justin needed to keep his promise and
be a "man".  He also told Justin to tell the Medic that he had no physical 
ailments.  I then reminded Justin and the recruiter that Justin had trouble
with 
his knees and back.  Sgt. Canonico told Justin not to say anything about any 
kind of medical problems.  If asked, he told Justin to say he had no physical

impairments or had no past injuries.  I was just not being heard.  The Army
had Justin thoroughly under their power.  It was very frustrating.  

	After we dropped Justin off, I hadn't heard from Justin until last 
Thursday night, June 15, 2006.  It was 10:11 PM.  Justin was crying on the 
phone.  He said that he couldn't take it anymore and wanted to come home.  He
said that he was on "profile" for injuries to his knee and foot.  He said he 
couldn't take the physical pain and was being verbally abused on a daily
basis.  
He said that they gave him an inhaler to help him breathe.  (Justin has lived
in 
Florida all of his life and has never required an inhaler.)  He told his
drill 
sergeant that he couldn't take anymore mental and physical pain and wanted to
leave the military.  The drill sergeant told him that he would never leave.
He 
was stuck in there for 8 years and that if Justin didn't finish boot camp,  
Justin would be continually re-cycled with each new group of enlistees for an

eternity.  Justin was devastated and wanted to go awol that night.  We knew
he couldn't get out that evening, so we told Justin to try to hang in there
and go to the infirmary every chance he got.  Justin told his grandfather
that if he didn't go back to training the next day, the re-cycling process
would begin immediately.  He was terrified of the drill sergeants and was
emotionally 
a wreck.  He was continually sobbing.  It was quite evident that Justin was 
emotionally unstable and probably at his breaking point.  We talked to Justin

until we were able to calm him somewhat and told him we would support any 
decision he made.  My husband told him to ignore the drill sergeants.  But 
apparently, he couldn't because that Saturday, June 17, 2006, I talked to his

Commanding Officer who advised me that Justin went back to training and was
on "partial" profile for his knee.  I begged the Officer to allow me to speak
with Justin so that I could determine that Justin was actually fine, but he
refused.

	After continual calls to Justin's commanding officer, they finally 
allowed Justin to call us again on Saturday, June 23, 2006.  Justin was once 
again uncontrollably crying.  He told us that he was now seeing a
psychiatrist 
because of severe depression.  Even though his knee is still hurting him, his

commanding officer told him he will get an article 15 if he doesn't get back
to 
training.  So Justin once again is attempting to run on a severely injured
knee.  
Justin is more desperate than ever.  For his sake, I implore your help in 
assisting Justin to be released from the Army as soon as possible.  I am now
in 
a state of panic. I truly fear for his safety.  Can you please, please help
us.  
I worry to the point of sleep deprivation.  Justin is in the 3rd Platoon, D 
Company, 2nd Brigade, 54th Infantry with a Roster # of 312 at Ft. Benning,
GA. 
31905

	Please, please help us.  I am desperate!  Justin is our only
grandchild.  
We will never have anymore.  We raised Justin so he not only is my grandson, 
he is my son as well.  I beg you, one parent to another, please please help
me.   I will be eternally grateful for all of your assistance.  And, I
strongly believe 
you maybe our only hope to help save the sanity and physical well-being of a 
very naive, sensitive and vulnerable young man.

	
						Sincerely,


						Patricia Dina
						Mother & Grandmother
                                                2601 Rock Island Rd. #105
                                                Margate, FL 33063
                                                patriciadina@comcast.net
                                                ph: 561.715.3743
From:	Ali <aptlw@yahoo.com>
Sent:	Wednesday, July 12, 2006 8:31 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Important
Attachments:	New Text Document.txt; New Text Document.txt; ATT272220.txt

Importance:	Low

Hi Friends

First of all I am very thankful for your time. As net users we all have something in common and that's e-mail address. Sometime when you open your e-mail inbox you will see some mails from someone offering you Millions of US$ for helping them transfer some fund from some so and so bank which was property of someone who died years ago and plan crash /train accident /road accident who have millions of dollars in the bank who have no beneficiary. Now if you help him he will offer you some percentage of that (which is also in millions). in some cases the will send email informing you that you are a winner of so and so lottery program. When you reply to the mail the will ask you for your passport copies and other legal or required documents when you provide that they will ask you for a  processing fee of US$ 5,000 to 10,000 or less or more. When you give that processing fee then that's it. The game is over thereby. Or if you are enough smart and keep playing with them they will provide you guarantee cheque, agreement (Fake) etc. I have some copies of their airway bills of courier companies (which they provide to prove that they have some shipment) and cheque. In 2nd case they will transfer you money but it will be in counterfeit dollars.

I am working in I.T. field. Hence I am in I. T field I have a very close look on Africans. Its really strange experience of my life. The way they do make people fool, the way the talk, the way they eat, the way they deal with humans(Whites), they way they cheats, the way they behave, the way they think about us(whites), is really so terrible and out of understandings. They call themselves “DIPLOMATS Most of them don't know much about internet all they know is yahoo mail and there are some programs spammers or auto mail senders which send dozens of mails per second through DNS Server. The one who reply to those mails get stuck.

Ask yourself some questions you will get the truth.
1.	We are in 2006. Non of the bank policy can accept you someone's beneficiary.
2.	No one is so stupid to deposit millions without any beneficiary.
3.	If someone die and there is no beneficiary the fund goes to government automatically at the confirmation of the persons death. No bank can keep it for years.

In some cases they will give you a link which provides a list of those who died in plan crash. Of course the name is there but who knows who he or she is??

Just delete any such mails and block it no one can make deal of millions of dollars on net with strangers everyone thinks thousands times before spending one cent.

I decided to fight them on same way they make people fool. Please help me protecting us and friends from being fooled. Please forward this mail to as many people as possible. Who knows you may save someone's life by telling them before they become victim of such mail.

I am pasting 2,3 mails as an example of what they send you.

Take care

Regards
ALI
aptlw@yahoo.com
From:	Sutphin, Glenn LTC (Ret) FL-ARNG <glenn.sutphin@us.army.mil>
Sent:	Wednesday, July 12, 2006 9:27 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	[*] RE: soldiers in Iraq

Sir,

 

I talk with Calvin every other day and hope that we have alleviated his fears some what.

 

VR,

Glenn

 

-----Original Message-----
From: Governor Jeb Bush [mailto:Jeb.Bush@MyFlorida.com] 
Sent: Friday, June 23, 2006 3:04 PM
To: Sutphin, Glenn LTC (Ret) FL-ARNG
Subject: FW: soldiers in Iraq

 

 

-----Original Message-----
From: Calvin Dunn [mailto:caldun@alltel.net]
Sent: Friday, June 23, 2006 2:06 PM
To: Governor Jeb Bush
Subject: soldiers in Iraq

Governor Bush, i am a state of Florida employee.  i work for the department of health.  i am not asking for anything special.  i just want you to understand that my daughter is a member of the 1/502 101st Airborne Air Assault of the Army.  her fellow soldier (two of them ) were captured and tortured.  I am struggling with the emotions of my little girl being at war for our country in a foreign land.  I am struggling with the emotions of torture.  Their eyes gauged out, their uniforms burned and their bodies burned, their private parts cut off and shoved in their throats so they could slowly suffocate.  Then have their head severed off and explosives stuffed in them.  Please, I am suffering!!  I am a mother!!  I am suffering!!!!!!!1  I just want my job.  I am trying while my little girl is fighting a war in Iraq.  I am trying to go to work.  I want to work.  I cannot believe that i have a family member fighting for the rights of other family members.  i thought this was only for my forefathers!!! What!! Your forefather!!  Yep!! My forefathers.  I thought all of the wars were in the past.  But only God knows.  The war and the terror is still ahead.  I hope you understand!!

From:	Sutphin, Glenn LTC (Ret) FL-ARNG <glenn.sutphin@us.army.mil>
Sent:	Wednesday, July 12, 2006 9:24 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	[*] RE: [*] Pvt. Justin C. Dina

Sir,

Was able to coordinate his discharge from the Active Army. He will be home in
three weeks. Case closed. Talked to his mother and gave her my contact data
if any other issues arise.

VR,
Glenn

-----Original Message-----
From: Governor Jeb Bush [mailto:Jeb.Bush@MyFlorida.com] 
Sent: Tuesday, June 20, 2006 2:35 PM
To: Sutphin, Glenn LTC (Ret) FL-ARNG
Subject: FW: [*] Pvt. Justin C. Dina



-----Original Message-----
From: patriciadina@comcast.net [mailto:patriciadina@comcast.net]
Sent: Monday, June 19, 2006 8:52 PM
To: Governor Jeb Bush
Subject: [*] Pvt. Justin C. Dina


Dear Governor Bush:

From the moment Justin turned 17 years old on November 25, 2004, many
branches of the military had vigorously pursued his enlistment.  In
particular, the U.S. Army literally wined and dined Justin for a solid year
and a half.  We had realized that the military was allowed to talk to high
school students,  but we believed that they could not do so without our
knowledge or consent.  We recently learned that Spanish River High School
coach, Mrs. Miller, escorted Justin out to see a recruiter when he was only
17 years old.  This was accomplished without any advance notice to us that
she planned on becoming Justin's "adult" escort.  That a high school coach
took the liberty upon herself to alter the course of an underage person for
whom she was not their legal guardian is horrifying to say the least.  This
must be stopped immediately.  Justin was a great student and good tennis
player.  He lost interest in both after being literally brain-washed for a
year and a half by the U.S. Army re
cruiter, Sgt. Gady.  This recruiter painted such a grandiose, adventurous
picture of military life that even he couldn't possibly believe what he was
saying.  But my grandson was very naive.  Sgt. Gady even had Justin convinced
that there was a very good possibly that Justin would never be sent to Iraq
once his training had been completed.  By the time Justin was going away, he
would not listen to a word his family said.  Justin had advised me on
numerous occasions that the Army was his "real" family.  That the Army was
the only one who cared about him.  That his Army buddies were his "brothers"
and they, not us, would always have his back.  We (his family) became the
enemy.  When we would try to discuss his enlistment, Justin would put his
hands over his ears, mumble unintelligible words and walk away from us.  It
was insane.  He was like some kind of robotic zombie.  He was truly the
victim of some serious brain-washing. His attitude and temperament had
dramatically changed. This
 was not the Justin we raised. 

When Justin turned 18 years old, he was a senior in high school.  He signed
up for the delayed enlistment program to go into airborne infantry. They had
Justin swear in and take a physical at that time.  Immediately after the
swear-in, which was shortly after his eighteenth birthday, Sgt. Gady told
Justin he was now the property of the U.S. Army and that he was committed to
serving 8 years in the military.  He told Justin that he had to report to
boot camp at the end of high school or face serious consequences such as
court-martial, etc.  And, during this entire time you had to realize that
Sgt. Gady was keeping in touch with Justin on a daily basis.  He constantly
filled Justin with unrealistic views of military life.  He convinced Justin
who was supposed to pursue a tennis scholarship at FSU, that college life was
not for him.  He told Justin a real man defended his family and country.
This went on for months on end.  Sgt. Gady was relentless in his pursuit of
Justin.  And in th
e end he won!

On Memorial Day, May 29, 2006, we took Justin to the Recruiting Office.  Once
there, Sergeant First Class Stephen J. Canonico, told Justin that he would be
taken to Miami, stay overnight in a hotel and then catch a plane the next day
to Ft. Benning, GA.  He told Justin he would be sworn in a second time and
undergo a second physical.  At that point, I tried to tell Justin that if he
needed to be sworn in again, that the first swear-in apparently didn't mean
anything and that he could walk away.  But the recruiter kept telling Justin
it was only a formality and inferred that Justin needed to keep his promise
and be a "man".  He also told Justin to tell the Medic that he had no
physical ailments.  I then reminded Justin and the recruiter that Justin had
trouble with his knees and back.  Sgt. Canonico told Justin not to say
anything about any kind of medical problems.  If asked, he told Justin to say
he had no physical impairments or had no past injuries.  I was just not being
heard. 
 The Army had Justin thoroughly under their power.  It was very frustrating.


After we dropped Justin off, I hadn't heard from Justin until last Thursday
night, June 15, 2006.  It was 10:11 PM.  Justin was crying on the phone.  He
said that he couldn't take it anymore and wanted to come home.  He said that
he was on "profile" for injuries to his knee and foot.  He said he couldn't
take the physical pain and was being verbally abused on a daily basis.  He
told his drill sergeant that he couldn't take anymore mental and physical
pain and wanted to leave the military.  The drill sergeant told him that he
would never leave.  He was stuck in there for 8 years and that if Justin
didn't finish boot camp, that Justin would be continually re-cycled with each
new group of new enlistees forever.  Justin was devastated and wanted to go
awol that night.  We knew he couldn't get out that evening, so we told Justin
to try to hang in there and go to the infirmary every chance he got.  Justin
told his grandfather that if he didn't go back to training the next day, that
the r
e-cycling process would begin tomorrow.  He was terrified of the drill
sergeants and was emotionally a wreck.  He was continually sobbing.  At that
point, we knew he was emotionally unstable and probably at his breaking
point.  We talked to Justin until we were able to calm him somewhat and told
him we would support any decision he made.  My husband told him to ignore the
drill sergeants.  But apparently, he couldn't because that Saturday, June 17,
2006, I talked to his Commanding Officer who advised me that Justin went back
to training and was on "partial" profile for his knee.  I begged the Officer
to allow me to speak with Justin so that I could determine that Justin was
actually fine, but he refused.

I am now in a state of panic.  I have not heard from Justin and I am going
out of my mind with worry.  Please, please help us find out if Justin is
truly ok.  Justin is in the 3rd Platoon, D Company, 2nd Brigade, 54th
Infantry with a Roster # of 312 at Ft. Benning, GA. 31905

I will be eternally grateful for all of your assistance.  And, you may just
saving the life of a very young and vulnerable new recruit.

Thank you!


Patricia Dina
2601 Rock Island Rd. #105
Margate, FL 33063
Phone 561.715.3743
patriciadina@comcast.net



From:	Kelley, Timothy (GE Infra, Aviation, US) <timothy.kelley@ae.ge.com>
Sent:	Wednesday, July 12, 2006 9:20 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	recent visit to state of Florida


              Jeb,

                 Recently my wife and myself came to Florida for a vacation. We came to visit my father who resides there, for a few days , and then we proceeded to the Florida Keys.  I know my wife and myself spent at least $2000.00 while we were there.  Well what a disappointment it was on the way home that another $30.00 or so I had to put out on toll roads.  I did not mind spending the 2000 but it really irked me that Florida wasn't happy enough to get that, they wanted the rest of it.  I really do not 
 see  how  you can justify putting another 'tax' on people willing to come to your state and spend their hard earned money.  The burden should be placed on either your residents or on the government of Florida.  You recieve enough tax revenue from people out of state, that we should not have to refurbish your roads.  To pay that much money just to come down there once a year is not justifiable in my book.  The government should be doing what they can to make sure people keep returning.  Well I know two people who will not be returning. I will fly my father up here before I step back in your state.

                                                                                                      Respectfully,
                                                                                                      Tim Kelley
From:	Sutphin, Glenn LTC (Ret) FL-ARNG <glenn.sutphin@us.army.mil>
Sent:	Wednesday, July 12, 2006 9:15 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	[*] RE: Address Needed

Sir,

 

I have put her in contact with or units that are overseas at this time.

 

Vr,

Glenn

 

-----Original Message-----
From: Governor Jeb Bush [mailto:Jeb.Bush@MyFlorida.com] 
Sent: Monday, June 19, 2006 3:41 PM
To: Sutphin, Glenn LTC (Ret) FL-ARNG
Subject: FW: Address Needed

 

 

-----Original Message-----
From: Njdrabek@aol.com [mailto:Njdrabek@aol.com]
Sent: Saturday, June 17, 2006 7:21 PM
To: Governor Jeb Bush
Subject: Address Needed

Dear Governor,

 

Could you please give me an address so I may write some letters to our servicemen in Iraq, or tell me where I can get the address.

 

Thank you,

 

Nancy Smith

 

 

From:	Sutphin, Glenn LTC (Ret) FL-ARNG <glenn.sutphin@us.army.mil>
Sent:	Wednesday, July 12, 2006 9:09 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	[*] RE: helping our troops

Sir,

 

Have referred her to the correct support operations that handle this type of Troop interface.

 

VR,

Glenn

 

-----Original Message-----
From: Governor Jeb Bush [mailto:Jeb.Bush@MyFlorida.com] 
Sent: Monday, June 19, 2006 1:41 PM
To: Sutphin, Glenn LTC (Ret) FL-ARNG
Subject: FW: helping our troops

 

 

-----Original Message-----
From: Yvette Wilson [mailto:Godsblessing1@comcast.net]
Sent: Saturday, June 17, 2006 7:21 AM
To: Governor Jeb Bush
Subject: helping our troops

Dear Governer Bush My name is Yvette Wilson I am in a position to help our troops stay in touch with their families back here in the US.They will be able to see and talk via telephones to their loved ones the worlds newest technology.I would like for you to take a look at our website

www.seeyourtroops.com or www.videophones.com .I really would like to talk with you more when possible my contact number is 239-349-1714 I really feel that this will help our troops and their families.

 

                                            Thank You

                                         Yvette E. Wilson

From:	Sutphin, Glenn LTC (Ret) FL-ARNG <glenn.sutphin@us.army.mil>
Sent:	Wednesday, July 12, 2006 9:06 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	RE: Florida National Guard

Sir,

We are unable to wavier the events of his youth.

 

VR,

Glenn

 

-----Original Message-----
From: Governor Jeb Bush [mailto:Jeb.Bush@MyFlorida.com] 
Sent: Friday, June 16, 2006 12:38 PM
To: Sutphin, Glenn LTC (Ret) FL-ARNG
Subject: FW: Florida National Guard

 

 

-----Original Message-----
From: wrsavdru@netzero.net [mailto:wrsavdru@netzero.net]
Sent: Friday, June 16, 2006 7:57 AM
To: Governor Jeb Bush
Subject: Florida National Guard

I am taking this opportunity to first say it has been my pleasure to serve the great State of Florida with you. I have been employed with the State of Florida, Department of Corrections for the past 12+ years. It has been a fantastic career and I am looking for to the second half of my career. 

 

With this said, I embarked approximately one year ago to join the Florida National Guard in Chipley, Florida. It was a long road with many obstacles in the way. My recruiter, Sgt. Bill Sellers, advised me, during our initial meeting, I would have to loose 50 pounds before he would even begin the paperwork. Unmoved by this statement, with my chin held high, I began a strict regiment of exercise and diet, and, seven weeks later, I was back in the recruiter's office, ready to go to the MEPS station.

 

It was not over, there were issues, both past and present. Sgt. Sellers submitted waivers for an issue the day of my physical, my blood pressure was high, I had drank coffee and an energy drink prior to being seen by the doctor. I followed the instructions of my recruiter, obtained blood pressure checks for three consecutive days, both in the am and pm, returned the form. Also, I was told I would have to loose an additional ten pounds and return again. Again, I accomplished this in short order and returned to pass my physical. 

 

Governor, if this was the only issue I probably wouldn't be writing you, however, there is more. I attempted a career in the Army when I was in my teens, while your father was President. This did not go well, not on the part of the Army, but due to me. Young and immature, I was not Army material. The problem now is that it follows me. Due to this, HQ denied the last waiver submitted by Sgt. Seller. He called yesterday to break the news, along with encouragement. He said that there was nothing else he could do for me, wished I would have been enlisted, but really couldn't help anymore. 

 

Not deterred, I have prayed and considered my options, thus my letter to you. As I have stated, I have been employed with Florida DC for 12+ years, been a member of the Confrontation Teams for the past 10 years. I have an impeccable record with outstanding evaluations from my superiors. I have sacrificed greatly to be able to be fit for service in the National Guard, and continue to run 5 miles per day. I attend college and maintain a 3.89 Grade Point Average along with being an Ordained Southern Baptist Preacher/Pastor.

 

Governor, I am asking for the opportunity to serve the great State of Florida and the United States of America. I'm not asking for nothing more than a chance, yes, a risky second chance. I cannot ask for more than your consideration, but I do request it quickly, I am 38 years old, I started this when I was 37, my birthday is in February, the window is closing quickly. 

 

Thank you in advance for your review of this matter, may God bless you as you lead, I will be looking forward to hearing from you.

 

Respectfully and in the service of Jesus Christ,

Miles A. Anderson

From:	Lt. Governor Toni Jennings
Sent:	Wednesday, July 12, 2006 8:47 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	FW: Education
Attachments:	Retaliation.JPG



-----Original Message-----
From: John J Meyer [mailto:johanjj@juno.com] 
Sent: Wednesday, July 12, 2006 5:03 AM
To: Lt. Governor Toni Jennings
Subject: Education


Dear Toni Jennings,

Our Florida Senators and Representatives have an obligation to look into the following matter. I have prove that they are matters that affect our state, nation, educational and justice system. 

The “Florida Home Rule” and the "employment at-will" state are being misused interactively by the Polk County  school politician for their political interest and not for the best interest of our students and our educational system.  

I have been official dismissed from teaching by Dr. Clinton Wright as a part-time Electrical Instructor for not donating to a private fundraising campaign. Conveniently called, dismissed for a difference of opinion, using Florida’s "employment at-will" state.  I have not been aware that there has been an difference of opinion. 

The following is from desk of wendy.hosking@polk.fl.net, regarding private fundraising campaigns. There is no prohibition against participating in a private fund raising campaign; it should be noted that participation must be voluntary. It cannot be made, either implicitly or explicitly, a condition of employment, nor can participation or lack thereof form the basis of any employment action or disparate treatment. 

When I came back from summer vacation I found all my study material placed in boxes in the hallway. The hard drive had been take out of the school computer with my prepared lessons to start the second semester. This is a violation of 447,501 (1) (a) and (b) of Florida Status (2004)’1, Pursuant to section 447,503(20). My civil rights have been violated by the Polk County School Board for not following due process, (see harassment attachment). 

On March 12, 2002, Mr. Bob Butterworth one of Florida Attorney Generals made a statement that Florida would possess zero tolerance for discrimination. I have not only been discriminated against but also harassed, humiliate for all school employees and students to see. The fundraising campaign did run through March 10. I continued to receive pledge forms in my school mailbox including one illegally placed in my home mailbox. I kept on teaching under those absurd circumstances for 6 month. It ended with a dismissal for a difference of opinion in the middle of a semester. No one should have to accept this type of abuse in a Florida Public School System.  

From the desk of Glenda Hood, Florida’s Secretary of State; Florida is an "employment at-will" state. An employer can terminate an employee for any reason, at any time, without advance notification so long as there is no violation of federal or state law. Polk County violated 447,501 (1) (a) and (b) of Florida Status (2004)’1, Pursuant to section 447,503(20), including school board regulation 60X53-8, 004 (C). School employee Debby Davis has been assigned to do the administration. The private fund raising campaign has been approved by the Polk County School Board for political reason. The All-Arian fund raising has been approved by the USF.

I donated my time to train minorities and women to pass a mechanics test. On August 17, 2005, School Board Attorney Deming Cowles wrote to me that the school “can dismiss you for you’ re [sic] ethnic background....’ no explanation needed “. Calling names in place of solving a problem. I am presently tutoring a child of the (No Child Left behind Act of 2001) to prepare her for her electrical journeyman exam. 

I  have been unable to receive representation from local Senators or Representatives. Governor Jeb Bush claims in writing that he is powerless to look into this matter. As soon I mention the “Florida Home Rule” to an attorney, my free consultations are going down the drain. 

For the sake of our students and our educational system you have an obligation to look into the this matter. 

Sincerely yours,

John J. Meyer
404 Whitman Rd. 
Winter Haven Fl. 33884




From:	Marilyn Smith-Mooney - Council Member & Former Mayor <airhart@sunline.net>
Sent:	Wednesday, July 12, 2006 8:34 AM
To:	Kathy Fowler
Cc:	tom.d'aprile@charlottefl.com; Governor Jeb Bush; PG - City Clerk's Office - Public Record Item
Subject:	P.S. to former e-mail entitled "Victimized by Hurricanes PLEASE READ"

P.S. Ms. Fowler, when you call me at my home this afternoon, please also provide me with the name of the contractor and contact information for same, who performed part of the work and placed the lien on the property, and full information on your parents names, street address, and phone contact information.  Thank you, Marilyn Smith-Mooney

CITY OF PUNTA GORDA 
City Council Member Communication
 
Council's Mission -- Promote the unique character and environment of Punta Gorda while enhancing property values and advancing the quality of life. 

  _____  

Please note: Florida has a very broad public records law.  Most written communications to City officials regarding City business are public records available to the public and media upon request.  Your e-mail communications may be subject to public disclosure.

  _____  

SPECIAL NOTE TO CHARLOTTE COUNTY COMMISSIONER TOM D'APRILE:  Tom, Am hoping you're not away on vacation and that, if you are, your secretary will let me know when you are expected to return and be able to tend to the below matter.  If you are in town, please let me know if you were in touch with this individual back in October 2004 regarding her parents' problems with hurricane-related repairs on their home which is located in your district.  The severity of their situation has apparently escalated since then and it now appears they stand to lose their home to foreclosure as a result of a lien placed on their property emanating from faulty or incomplete work performed on their residence by others.  This appears to be one of those "unfortunate" experiences in which they deserve any help you can give them at this time.  Regards, Marilyn


Dear Ms. Fowler,

I note and do recall that you had written me previously regarding this unfortunate series of events which your parents are continuing to experience; and as you will recall, I pointed out to you that their property is outside the City of Punta Gorda, in which case you should be communicating with County Commissioner, Tom D'Aprile, in whose county district your parents' property is located.  I had assumed that after I advised you of that fact back in October of 2004, that Commissioner D'Aprile would have communicated with you or you with him, as I provided him with a copy of my reply to you back in October, 2004 and provided you with the county's web page address at which you could locate information on how you could contact him by phone.  Again, that contact information for Commissioner Tom D'Aprile is -- office phone: 941-743-1307 and e-mail: tom.d'aprile@charlottefl.com

Can you please advise me if Commissioner D'Aprile did communicate with you back then and; if so, what was the outcome of that communication at that time?  I am again copying Commissioner D'April on this additional reply from me to you with the expectation that he will initiate a followup contact with you to determine how he might be able to help you further at this time.

In the interim, I do understand the urgency of the situation relative to the lien that has been placed on the home and the notice of foreclosure by the mortgage holder that has resulted therefrom.  If you would please call me after 3 p.m. today at my home (941-637-0355), perhaps we can discuss the situation in greater detail and you can advise me of their immediate needs at this time, in the event I can be of any voluntary assistance even though their property is outside of my city's jurisdictional boundaries; as I certainly would not want anyone to lose a home to forclosure (regardless of where the home is located in the county) due to such a series of unfortunate incidents resulting from the hurricane we expeienced here in August 2004.  Be prepared to provide me with the name and contact information of the attorney in our area who is currently representing them, should I need to contact that individual to learn additional details of any needed assistance I might be able to facilitate.






Sincerely yours,
Marilyn P. Smith-Mooney
Marilyn P. Smith-Mooney
District #2 Council Member & Former Mayor
CITY OF PUNTA GORDA



City Web Page:  http://www.ci.punta-gorda.fl.us
City Council Web Page:  http://www.ci.punta-gorda.fl.us/departments/citycouncil/meet.htm
City Hall Office:  941-575-3369
City Hall Office Fax:  941-575-3365
City Hall E-Mail:  district2@ci.punta-gorda.fl.us
Home:  941-637-0355
Home Fax:  941-637-8577
Home E-Mail:  airhart@sunline.net






  _____  




Sue Foster wrote:


Forwarded from City's email. S
 
Sue Foster, CMC
City Clerk
City of Punta Gorda
326 W. Marion Avenue
Punta Gorda, FL 33950
Tel: (941) 575-3369
Fax: (941) 575-3365
mailto: pgclerk@ci.punta-gorda.fl.us
 

  _____  

From: Kathy Fowler [mailto:kfowler@foodesignassociates.com] 
Sent: Tuesday, July 11, 2006 1:11 PM
To: airhart@sunline.net
Cc: jeb.bush@myflorida.com; bcc@charlottefl.com; tom.d'aprile@charlottefl.com; Sue Foster
Subject: Re: FW: Victimized by Hurricanes PLEASE READ
Importance: High


Marilyn,
Please read, please........
I am writing again in hopes that someone out there can give our family a little guidance in handling the continued effects that Hurricane Charley is having on my parents. In brief my parents did find a contractor back in January of 2005 that would be able to repair the damage to their home caused by the hurricane. They actually started the process in mid-January and promised completion by the end of March (which then changed to first part of April). I am not sure if the contractor ever got the proper permits required for this or even if he got any inspections done (which are required in the state I reside in) for the work he actually did (which wasn't much work at all, since he never came back to finish what he started, stating he needed more upfront money to complete the project) While all this is going on my parents are having to rent a house to live in, keep making their mortgage and "increased" insurance payments along with storage faculties, amoung other living costs. Insurance claims were approved, however they would not issue claim payments as needed. Needless to say the contractor never returned to finish the project, leaving my 70 year old parents to clean-up his mess, and find ways to make their home livable again. At the advice of their lawyer they fired the contractor and finished the work themselves. My Dad was leaning towards pure exhaustion, but kept at it, determined to make this wreck of a house a "home" again, when out the blue the contractor put a lien against their house (for an amount much more than repairs would have cost) which caused any remaining claim payments from the insurance to stop. My parents had not received near enough money yet to get all repairs made, so there again another hardship. They have a different lawyer to handle this but for some reason there is no hope in sight. My parents did finally receive claim payments from the insurance and just this past month were able to finish about everything that needed to get done, however we got word this morning that their home is in foreclosure (much to my parent's surprise) I do not understand, they have kept up with all their payments and have worked so hard all their lives......to have it all be taken away because of some contractors need to take advantage of victims such as my parents is very disheartening.
I am not sure where to turn to get the help my parents deserve. I feel as if this contractor has been given a licence to steal and is about to get away with it. As if my parents have not been through enough already, just living through the hurricane. 
 
Just an added note: I do realize that my parents are probably not the only people going through this, but I cannot understand why there is nothing that can be done statewide to prevent such events from taking place after a natural disaster.
 
Thank you very much for your valuable time,
Kathy Fowler
Stanfield, North Carolina

----- Original Message ----- 
From: Kathy Fowler 
To: airhart@sunline.net 
Cc: jeb.bush@myflorida.com ; bcc@charlottefl.com 
Sent: Friday, October 29, 2004 8:52 AM
Subject: Re: FW: Victimized by Hurricanes PLEASE READ

Good morning Marilyn,
Thank you so much for the reply and the information provided. According to my parents the County Commissioner attended the meeting, which turned out to be Wednesday not Thursday. The meeting went well and the outcome was beneficial to many residents in that area.
Thanks again for all your time and efforts in this matter,
Kathy Fowler

----- Original Message ----- 
From: Marilyn Smith-Mooney - Council Member & Former Mayor 
To: Kathy Fowler 
Cc: jeb.bush@myflorida.com ; CCBCC - D'Aprile, Tom - County Commissioner ; PG - City Clerk's Office - Public Record Item 
Sent: Thursday, October 28, 2004 9:27 PM
Subject: Re: FW: Victimized by Hurricanes PLEASE READ

CITY OF PUNTA GORDA 
City Council Member Communication

  _____  

Please note: Florida has a very broad public records law.  Most written communications to City officials regarding City business are public records available to the public and media upon request.  Your e-mail communications may be subject to public disclosure.

  _____  





Dear Ms. Fowler,

I can certainly appreciate your concern for your parents.  I presume you sent us -- the Punta Gorda City Council -- a copy of your correspondence to Governor Bush because you believed your parents' home to be located within our city's jurisdictional boundaries.  Unfortunately, it is not.  Their residence merely has "Punta Gorda" as its post office address because that is the post office that serves the area in which they live.

Their residence is located in what is referred to as the unincorporated portion of Charlotte County.  Therefore, you would want to bring this to the immediate attention of the County Commissioner for the County District #1 in which they reside.  The County Commissioner for their district is Commissioner Tom D'Aprile.  I know him to be a very caring individual, diligent in his responsiveness to citizens' needs and concerns, and a person who I am sure will do whatever he can to bring about some rational thinking among those members or officers of the Deep Creek Association who appear to be overly inflexible regarding relaxation of certain community deed restrictions during a time where many have been hard-hit by Hurricane Charley.  Complete information on how to contact Commissioner Tom D'Aprile can be found at the following web page, as well as a district map for the county which indicates your parents' home is located in District #1 -- the portion shaded in gray:  http://www.charlottecountyfl.com/commissioners/ 

You will note I am also sending him a copy of this response to you so that he can anticipate hearing from you and possibly begin looking into the matter as soon as he receives this informational copy from me.




Sincerely yours,
Marilyn P. Smith-Mooney
Marilyn P. Smith-Mooney
District #2 Council Member & Former Mayor
CITY OF PUNTA GORDA


City Web Page:  http://www.ci.punta-gorda.fl.us
City Council Web Page:  http://www.ci.punta-gorda.fl.us/citycouncil/council_mayor.htm
City Hall Office:  941-575-3369
City Hall Office Fax:  941-575-3365
City Hall E-Mail:  district2@ci.punta-gorda.fl.us
Home:  941-637-0355
Home Fax:  941-637-8577
Home E-Mail:  airhart@sunline.net



  _____  




Sue Foster wrote:


Forwarded from City's email. S 



Sue Foster, CMC

City Clerk

mailto:pgclerk@ci.punta-gorda.fl.us

City of Punta Gorda

326 W. Marion Avenue

Punta Gorda, FL 33950

(941) 575-3369

Fax (941) 575-3365



-----Original Message-----
From: Kathy Fowler [mailto:kfowler@foodesignassociates.com] 
Sent: Tuesday, October 26, 2004 4:24 PM
To: citycouncil@ci.punta-gorda.fl.us
Subject: Fw: Victimized by Hurricanes PLEASE READ
Importance: High



State of Emergency?

Please read the following and I can only hope that someone will act accordingly.

Thank you,

Kathy Fowler

Stanfield, NC



----- Original Message ----- 

From: Kathy Fowler 

To: jeb.bush@myflorida.com 

Sent: Tuesday, October 26, 2004 3:56 PM

Subject: Victimized by Hurricanes PLEASE READ



Dear Governor Bush,

I am writing with much anguish for my parents who live in Punta Gorda, Florida.

They have lost use of their home as a result of Hurricane Charley on August 13, 2004. 

They were turned down for assistance from FEMA and applied for a grant without any response to that as of yet.

It has been just about impossible to get contractors out there for estimates to turn into their insurance company.

Storage facilities and the means to move what they have left are extremely hard if not impossible to find still. 

They had to resort to getting a POD delivered to their home for storing their belongings so that their house can be repaired. The POD is also being used to keep their belongings protected since their house was severely damaged.

My parents live in Deep Creek sub-division in Punta Gorda, Florida. They just found out today that the Deep Creek Association is holding a meeting this Thursday Oct. 28th at 6:00 pm at Victoria Estates on Rampart Dr., Port Charlotte. The association is planning on ordering ALL residents of Deep Creek to have PODs removed by Monday, Nov. 1st. There is NO PLACE else they can store their belongings and there are many residents in the very same predicament that my parents are in. Please help some how, by sending a representative or someone to speak on your behalf. I sense you have a heart for all residents of Florida and under these circumstances they should allow temporary storage units to be used until they can have repairs completed. Please help somehow, I don't know who else to write to. 

Thank you very much for your valuable time,

Kathy Fowler

Stanfield, North Carolina







Kathy Fowler
Phone: (704) 545-6151
Fax: (704) 545-1243
Email: kfowler@foodesignassociates.com



From:	Terry Kimbrell <terrybeth2@hotmail.com>
Sent:	Wednesday, July 12, 2006 8:30 AM
To:	cbmeallen@cs.com; Governor Jeb Bush; gsca700@adelphia.net; joannecox@tampabay.rr.com; stananna1@verizon.net; anh1099@yahoo.com; jacadaniels@prodigy.net; srdaniels82@hotmail.com; kfortin@tampabay.rr.com; cordajohnson@hotmail.com; katiejkicksa@yahoo.com; vlmack@southernco.com; Mel_Martinez@martinez.senate.gov; rsmoe@charter.net; pegmolson@netzero.com; msschnebly@netzero.net; Stormsr@hillsboroughcounty.org; comments@whitehouse.gov
Subject:	Here is what your state is doing or not doing on Illegal Immigration

As the federal government wrestles with the immigration issue, states are 
implementing their own plans. Here's a state-by-state look: Colorado is the 
best.

Alabama

• Training 70 state troopers with the power to arrest illegal immigrants.

Arizona

• Required U.S. citizenship or legal immigrant status to receive health 
benefits. Illegal immigrants can receive emergency care only.

• Sent troops to assist with vehicle inspections along Arizona's border with 
Mexico.

• Approved ballot initiatives to be decided by voters in November:

Making English the official language of Arizona.

Prohibiting undocumented immigrants from receiving state services such as 
adult education, child care and in-state tuition rates at public colleges 
and universities.

Prohibiting undocumented immigrants from receiving punitive damages in civil 
lawsuits.

Requiring judges to deny bail to undocumented immigrants arrested for 
serious offenses.

Arkansas

Pledged to send troops to the Mexico border.

California

• Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger and the Legislature agreed on a $131 billion 
state budget after dropping proposals to provide health care to children of 
undocumented immigrants.

• Sent National Guard troops to the Mexico border.

Colorado

• Continued a special legislative session Sunday on illegal immigration.

• Made smuggling people into the USA a felony.

• Barred state agencies from awarding contracts to businesses that knowingly 
employ illegal immigrants.

• Required businesses seeking state contracts to verify immigration status 
of workers.

• Created a $50,000 civil fine for counterfeiting identification documents.

Connecticut

Pledged to send troops to the Mexico border.

Delaware

Pledged to send troops to the Mexico border.

Florida

Required proof of legal immigrant status for driver's license applicants.

Georgia

• Required, in a phased-in program that will begin July 1, 2007, that 
contractors doing business with state or local governments verify 
citizenship status of new workers.

• Required adult applicants for public benefits to verify eligibility.

• Required all Georgia employers to verify the legal status of employees 
hired on or after Jan. 1, 2008, in order to claim a state income tax 
deduction on such employees' salaries.

• Required jails to determine the legal status of prisoners charged with a 
felony or driving under the influence.

Idaho

Limited unemployment benefits to citizens and legal immigrants.

Illinois

Required that people be citizens or legal immigrants to receive state health 
plan coverage.

Kansas

Limited unemployment benefits to citizens and legal immigrants.

Kentucky

Pledged to send troops to the Mexico border.

Louisiana

Authorized the state to investigate contractors suspected of hiring illegal 
immigrants. The state can order such workers fired and fine businesses that 
don't comply.

Maine

Tightened requirements for issuing driver's licenses to non-citizens.

Maryland

Required the governor to fund health care services for certain legal 
immigrant children and pregnant women.

Massachusetts

Gov. Mitt Romney said he would seek federal authority to empower state 
police to detain illegal immigrants encountered during normal law 
enforcement activity.

Minnesota

Will send up to 200 National Guard troops to Mexico border.

Missouri

Denied unemployment benefits to workers who aren't citizens.

Montana

Pledged to send troops to the Mexico border.

Nebraska

In an effort to assist illegal immigrants, made unauthorized immigrant 
students eligible for in-state tuition at public universities.

New Hampshire

Required proof of citizenship to register to vote.

New Jersey

Pledged to send troops to the Mexico border.

New Mexico

Pledged to send troops to the Mexico border.

New York

• A state appeals court ruled that the state Department of Motor Vehicles 
can require immigrants to prove they are in the USA legally before obtaining 
driver's licenses.

• Will send 150 National Guard troops to the Mexico border.

North Carolina

Pledged to send troops to the Mexico border.

Oklahoma

Denied unemployment benefits to illegal immigrants.

Pennsylvania

Prohibited use of illegal immigrants on state projects.

Rhode Island

Effective Jan. 1, children who are not U.S. citizens will not be added to 
the state's health care program for the poor, even if they are in the USA 
legally. Children who enroll by Dec. 31 will keep their benefits.

South Dakota

• Required passport or another government-issued identification card when 
voting.

• Pledged to send troops to the Mexico border.

Tennessee

• Barred state contracts for a year from businesses that knowingly employ 
illegal immigrants.

• Pledged to send troops to the Mexico border.

Texas

• Prohibited businesses from deducting the costs of salaries and benefits 
for undocumented workers from their taxable revenue.

• Spent $20 million to expand Operation Rio Grande, a border security 
initiative.

• Will spend $5 million to put hundreds of surveillance cameras along the 
border at hot spots for criminal activity and routes frequently used to 
enter the USA.

Virginia

Pledged to send troops to the Mexico border.

Wisconsin

Pledged to send troops to the Mexico border.

Wyoming

Barred non-citizens from certain state-funded scholarships.

Source: National Conference of State Legislatures. USA TODAY research by 
Charisse Jones, Kate McGinty and Beth Walton. Contributing: Dennis Wagner of 
The Arizona Republic, Associated Press




Take care,
Terry and Beth Kimbrell
Email - terrybeth2.hotmail.com


From:	Marilyn Smith-Mooney - Council Member & Former Mayor <airhart@sunline.net>
Sent:	Wednesday, July 12, 2006 8:26 AM
To:	Kathy Fowler
Cc:	tom.d'aprile@charlottefl.com; Governor Jeb Bush; PG - City Clerk's Office - Public Record Item
Subject:	Re: FW: FW: Victimized by Hurricanes PLEASE READ

CITY OF PUNTA GORDA 
City Council Member Communication
 
Council's Mission -- Promote the unique character and environment of Punta Gorda while enhancing property values and advancing the quality of life. 

  _____  

Please note: Florida has a very broad public records law.  Most written communications to City officials regarding City business are public records available to the public and media upon request.  Your e-mail communications may be subject to public disclosure.

  _____  

SPECIAL NOTE TO CHARLOTTE COUNTY COMMISSIONER TOM D'APRILE:  Tom, Am hoping you're not away on vacation and that, if you are, your secretary will let me know when you are expected to return and be able to tend to the below matter.  If you are in town, please let me know if you were in touch with this individual back in October 2004 regarding her parents' problems with hurricane-related repairs on their home which is located in your district.  The severity of their situation has apparently escalated since then and it now appears they stand to lose their home to foreclosure as a result of a lien placed on their property emanating from faulty or incomplete work performed on their residence by others.  This appears to be one of those "unfortunate" experiences in which they deserve any help you can give them at this time.  Regards, Marilyn


Dear Ms. Fowler,

I note and do recall that you had written me previously regarding this unfortunate series of events which your parents are continuing to experience; and as you will recall, I pointed out to you that their property is outside the City of Punta Gorda, in which case you should be communicating with County Commissioner, Tom D'Aprile, in whose county district your parents' property is located.  I had assumed that after I advised you of that fact back in October of 2004, that Commissioner D'Aprile would have communicated with you or you with him, as I provided him with a copy of my reply to you back in October, 2004 and provided you with the county's web page address at which you could locate information on how you could contact him by phone.  Again, that contact information for Commissioner Tom D'Aprile is -- office phone: 941-743-1307 and e-mail: tom.d'aprile@charlottefl.com

Can you please advise me if Commissioner D'Aprile did communicate with you back then and; if so, what was the outcome of that communication at that time?  I am again copying Commissioner D'April on this additional reply from me to you with the expectation that he will initiate a followup contact with you to determine how he might be able to help you further at this time.

In the interim, I do understand the urgency of the situation relative to the lien that has been placed on the home and the notice of foreclosure by the mortgage holder that has resulted therefrom.  If you would please call me after 3 p.m. today at my home (941-637-0355), perhaps we can discuss the situation in greater detail and you can advise me of their immediate needs at this time, in the event I can be of any voluntary assistance even though their property is outside of my city's jurisdictional boundaries; as I certainly would not want anyone to lose a home to forclosure (regardless of where the home is located in the county) due to such a series of unfortunate incidents resulting from the hurricane we expeienced here in August 2004.  Be prepared to provide me with the name and contact information of the attorney in our area who is currently representing them, should I need to contact that individual to learn additional details of any needed assistance I might be able to facilitate.






Sincerely yours,
Marilyn P. Smith-Mooney
Marilyn P. Smith-Mooney
District #2 Council Member & Former Mayor
CITY OF PUNTA GORDA



City Web Page:  http://www.ci.punta-gorda.fl.us
City Council Web Page:  http://www.ci.punta-gorda.fl.us/departments/citycouncil/meet.htm
City Hall Office:  941-575-3369
City Hall Office Fax:  941-575-3365
City Hall E-Mail:  district2@ci.punta-gorda.fl.us
Home:  941-637-0355
Home Fax:  941-637-8577
Home E-Mail:  airhart@sunline.net






  _____  




Sue Foster wrote:


Forwarded from City's email. S
 
Sue Foster, CMC
City Clerk
City of Punta Gorda
326 W. Marion Avenue
Punta Gorda, FL 33950
Tel: (941) 575-3369
Fax: (941) 575-3365
mailto: pgclerk@ci.punta-gorda.fl.us
 

  _____  

From: Kathy Fowler [mailto:kfowler@foodesignassociates.com] 
Sent: Tuesday, July 11, 2006 1:11 PM
To: airhart@sunline.net
Cc: jeb.bush@myflorida.com; bcc@charlottefl.com; tom.d'aprile@charlottefl.com; Sue Foster
Subject: Re: FW: Victimized by Hurricanes PLEASE READ
Importance: High


Marilyn,
Please read, please........
I am writing again in hopes that someone out there can give our family a little guidance in handling the continued effects that Hurricane Charley is having on my parents. In brief my parents did find a contractor back in January of 2005 that would be able to repair the damage to their home caused by the hurricane. They actually started the process in mid-January and promised completion by the end of March (which then changed to first part of April). I am not sure if the contractor ever got the proper permits required for this or even if he got any inspections done (which are required in the state I reside in) for the work he actually did (which wasn't much work at all, since he never came back to finish what he started, stating he needed more upfront money to complete the project) While all this is going on my parents are having to rent a house to live in, keep making their mortgage and "increased" insurance payments along with storage faculties, amoung other living costs. Insurance claims were approved, however they would not issue claim payments as needed. Needless to say the contractor never returned to finish the project, leaving my 70 year old parents to clean-up his mess, and find ways to make their home livable again. At the advice of their lawyer they fired the contractor and finished the work themselves. My Dad was leaning towards pure exhaustion, but kept at it, determined to make this wreck of a house a "home" again, when out the blue the contractor put a lien against their house (for an amount much more than repairs would have cost) which caused any remaining claim payments from the insurance to stop. My parents had not received near enough money yet to get all repairs made, so there again another hardship. They have a different lawyer to handle this but for some reason there is no hope in sight. My parents did finally receive claim payments from the insurance and just this past month were able to finish about everything that needed to get done, however we got word this morning that their home is in foreclosure (much to my parent's surprise) I do not understand, they have kept up with all their payments and have worked so hard all their lives......to have it all be taken away because of some contractors need to take advantage of victims such as my parents is very disheartening.
I am not sure where to turn to get the help my parents deserve. I feel as if this contractor has been given a licence to steal and is about to get away with it. As if my parents have not been through enough already, just living through the hurricane. 
 
Just an added note: I do realize that my parents are probably not the only people going through this, but I cannot understand why there is nothing that can be done statewide to prevent such events from taking place after a natural disaster.
 
Thank you very much for your valuable time,
Kathy Fowler
Stanfield, North Carolina

----- Original Message ----- 
From: Kathy Fowler 
To: airhart@sunline.net 
Cc: jeb.bush@myflorida.com ; bcc@charlottefl.com 
Sent: Friday, October 29, 2004 8:52 AM
Subject: Re: FW: Victimized by Hurricanes PLEASE READ

Good morning Marilyn,
Thank you so much for the reply and the information provided. According to my parents the County Commissioner attended the meeting, which turned out to be Wednesday not Thursday. The meeting went well and the outcome was beneficial to many residents in that area.
Thanks again for all your time and efforts in this matter,
Kathy Fowler

----- Original Message ----- 
From: Marilyn Smith-Mooney - Council Member & Former Mayor 
To: Kathy Fowler 
Cc: jeb.bush@myflorida.com ; CCBCC - D'Aprile, Tom - County Commissioner ; PG - City Clerk's Office - Public Record Item 
Sent: Thursday, October 28, 2004 9:27 PM
Subject: Re: FW: Victimized by Hurricanes PLEASE READ

CITY OF PUNTA GORDA 
City Council Member Communication

  _____  

Please note: Florida has a very broad public records law.  Most written communications to City officials regarding City business are public records available to the public and media upon request.  Your e-mail communications may be subject to public disclosure.

  _____  





Dear Ms. Fowler,

I can certainly appreciate your concern for your parents.  I presume you sent us -- the Punta Gorda City Council -- a copy of your correspondence to Governor Bush because you believed your parents' home to be located within our city's jurisdictional boundaries.  Unfortunately, it is not.  Their residence merely has "Punta Gorda" as its post office address because that is the post office that serves the area in which they live.

Their residence is located in what is referred to as the unincorporated portion of Charlotte County.  Therefore, you would want to bring this to the immediate attention of the County Commissioner for the County District #1 in which they reside.  The County Commissioner for their district is Commissioner Tom D'Aprile.  I know him to be a very caring individual, diligent in his responsiveness to citizens' needs and concerns, and a person who I am sure will do whatever he can to bring about some rational thinking among those members or officers of the Deep Creek Association who appear to be overly inflexible regarding relaxation of certain community deed restrictions during a time where many have been hard-hit by Hurricane Charley.  Complete information on how to contact Commissioner Tom D'Aprile can be found at the following web page, as well as a district map for the county which indicates your parents' home is located in District #1 -- the portion shaded in gray:  http://www.charlottecountyfl.com/commissioners/ 

You will note I am also sending him a copy of this response to you so that he can anticipate hearing from you and possibly begin looking into the matter as soon as he receives this informational copy from me.




Sincerely yours,
Marilyn P. Smith-Mooney
Marilyn P. Smith-Mooney
District #2 Council Member & Former Mayor
CITY OF PUNTA GORDA


City Web Page:  http://www.ci.punta-gorda.fl.us
City Council Web Page:  http://www.ci.punta-gorda.fl.us/citycouncil/council_mayor.htm
City Hall Office:  941-575-3369
City Hall Office Fax:  941-575-3365
City Hall E-Mail:  district2@ci.punta-gorda.fl.us
Home:  941-637-0355
Home Fax:  941-637-8577
Home E-Mail:  airhart@sunline.net



  _____  




Sue Foster wrote:


Forwarded from City's email. S 



Sue Foster, CMC

City Clerk

mailto:pgclerk@ci.punta-gorda.fl.us

City of Punta Gorda

326 W. Marion Avenue

Punta Gorda, FL 33950

(941) 575-3369

Fax (941) 575-3365



-----Original Message-----
From: Kathy Fowler [mailto:kfowler@foodesignassociates.com] 
Sent: Tuesday, October 26, 2004 4:24 PM
To: citycouncil@ci.punta-gorda.fl.us
Subject: Fw: Victimized by Hurricanes PLEASE READ
Importance: High



State of Emergency?

Please read the following and I can only hope that someone will act accordingly.

Thank you,

Kathy Fowler

Stanfield, NC



----- Original Message ----- 

From: Kathy Fowler 

To: jeb.bush@myflorida.com 

Sent: Tuesday, October 26, 2004 3:56 PM

Subject: Victimized by Hurricanes PLEASE READ



Dear Governor Bush,

I am writing with much anguish for my parents who live in Punta Gorda, Florida.

They have lost use of their home as a result of Hurricane Charley on August 13, 2004. 

They were turned down for assistance from FEMA and applied for a grant without any response to that as of yet.

It has been just about impossible to get contractors out there for estimates to turn into their insurance company.

Storage facilities and the means to move what they have left are extremely hard if not impossible to find still. 

They had to resort to getting a POD delivered to their home for storing their belongings so that their house can be repaired. The POD is also being used to keep their belongings protected since their house was severely damaged.

My parents live in Deep Creek sub-division in Punta Gorda, Florida. They just found out today that the Deep Creek Association is holding a meeting this Thursday Oct. 28th at 6:00 pm at Victoria Estates on Rampart Dr., Port Charlotte. The association is planning on ordering ALL residents of Deep Creek to have PODs removed by Monday, Nov. 1st. There is NO PLACE else they can store their belongings and there are many residents in the very same predicament that my parents are in. Please help some how, by sending a representative or someone to speak on your behalf. I sense you have a heart for all residents of Florida and under these circumstances they should allow temporary storage units to be used until they can have repairs completed. Please help somehow, I don't know who else to write to. 

Thank you very much for your valuable time,

Kathy Fowler

Stanfield, North Carolina







Kathy Fowler
Phone: (704) 545-6151
Fax: (704) 545-1243
Email: kfowler@foodesignassociates.com



From:	BIG2LILL2@aol.com
Sent:	Wednesday, July 12, 2006 8:31 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Re: IS IT THE DIME ? OR STUPIDITY ? WELL REX !....... WHY WOULD THE ---

THE NEXT WANNA' BE GOV. ( LILL' TOMMY GALLAHGER ) WANT TO CHANGE ANYTHING ? BEING IN THE FACT THAT HIS BIGGEST CONCERN IS THE TINT OF GREEN COLOR IN HIS OWN POCKET !!! HE'S A CROOK, ALWAYS WAS, ALWAYS WILL BE, THIS I KNOW FROM PERSONAL DEALING'S,,, OH !!! AND THE FIRE MARSHALL DOSENT MAKE OUR LAWS... WHAT DOES HE CARE !
 
BUT THANKS FOR THE LINE .................. IN THE FACT THAT THIS STATE HAS BECOME SUCH A CRAPP HOLE, THANKS TO OUR GOVERMENT AND THE LAZY ASS EXPECTANT BLEEDING HEART YANKEES' THAT HAVE TAKEN OVER OUR ONCE BEAUTIFUL AND SAFE STATE, I PERSONALLY AM MOVING TO ANOTHER COUNTRY. AS AMERICA HAS BECOME THE LAUGHING STOCK OF THE WORLD, I WILL NOW BE ABLE TO SIT BACK AND WATCH THE SHOW FROM A PLACE WHERE LAWS ARE NOT ONLY RESPECTED BUT INFORCED, SOMETHING THIS LAND HAS LOST SITE OF, SO YOU GUYS CAN DEAL WITH THE MARTINEZ'S, GRECO'S, GRAHAM'S AN GALLAHGER'S THAT HAVE REALLY DONE NOTHING FOR OUR STATE. BE IT FROM TAMPA TO TALLAHASSEE. IT HAS & ALWAYS WILL BE ABOOUT THE DIME !
 
From:	Terry Kimbrell <terrybeth2@hotmail.com>
Sent:	Wednesday, July 12, 2006 8:19 AM
To:	comments@whitehouse.gov; Mel_Martinez@martinez.senate.gov; Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Look what Colorado is doing for their illegal immigrant problem.

I'd like to see Florida address this issue.

Colorado passes bill to bar illegal immigrants from state benefits
By Charisse Jones, USA TODAY
Colorado lawmakers have passed a sweeping measure that could deny tens of 
thousands of illegal immigrants access to public housing, unemployment 
insurance and other state benefits.
The bill, which Gov. Bill Owens said he will sign soon, is the latest action 
by states as Congress struggles to agree on a federal strategy to deal with 
the nation's estimated 12 million illegal immigrants.

Colorado's legislation, one of several immigration bills passed during a 
five-day special session that ended late Monday, would bar adult 
undocumented immigrants from receiving most state benefits.

Up to 50,000 illegal immigrants could be stripped of benefits they receive, 
according to Nate Strauch, a spokesman for Owens.

More than 1 million people in Colorado receive services such as Medicaid and 
food stamps. Under the bill, new applicants or those reapplying for such 
services would have to verify their legal status by showing a 
government-issued photo ID and signing an affidavit. The bill would go into 
effect Aug. 1. Those under age 18 would not be affected, and undocumented 
immigrants still would receive services such as public education, emergency 
medical care and prenatal care. Federal law requires states to provide those 
benefits.

Owens, a Republican, called the special session to address the issue of 
about 250,000 undocumented immigrants living and working in Colorado. "I 
think the vast majority of illegal immigrants in Colorado are good people," 
Owens said Tuesday. "However, at some point, a state has to look out for the 
interest of its own citizens."

The Legislature is controlled by Democrats. Lawmakers and advocates of 
changes in immigration policy applauded the bipartisanship that led to the 
bill's passage.

"We got more done on this issue in five days than Congress has managed in 
two decades," said Andrew Romanoff, a Democrat who is speaker of the House. 
"I hope the package we put together will serve as a national model, not just 
in terms of the substance but also the spirit. We proved that Democrats and 
Republicans can work together to solve problems."

Congress is sharply divided on immigration. The Senate wants to provide a 
path to citizenship for most illegal immigrants. The House wants to make 
being an illegal immigrant a crime.

Like many other states this year, Colorado lawmakers also approved fines for 
employers who knowingly hire undocumented workers.

Supporters and opponents of a onetime ballot initiative to deny most public 
services to illegal immigrants praised what came out of the special 
legislative session.

"It's a very good start and a very good compromise," says Fred Elbel, 
director of Defend Colorado Now, which had backed the initiative. In June, 
the Colorado Supreme Court banished the initiative from the November ballot 
on technical grounds. Elbel said mass immigration dramatically increases the 
nation's population and strains its resources. "We're on a path that is not 
sustainable," he said.

"Compared to what we were facing a few months ago, this is a better option 
and a better outcome for immigrants," said Federico Pea, a former Denver 
mayor and a Clinton administration Transportation secretary who is chairman 
of Keep Colorado Safe, which fought the ballot initiative. "We have 
protected a significant number of benefits and privileges for undocumented 
individuals."

Posted 7/11/2006 8:24 PM ET
Updated 7/11/2006 10:48 PM ET E-mail | Save | Print | Reprints & Permissions 
| Subscribe to stories like this




Take care,
Terry and Beth Kimbrell
Email - terrybeth2.hotmail.com


From:	Markie8611@aol.com
Sent:	Wednesday, July 12, 2006 8:11 AM
To:	jdavies@buchalter; corlando@ameriquest.com; Shanna1016@aol.com; greg.abbott@oag.state.tx.us; attorney.general@po.state.ct.us; Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	[*] Fwd: Loan # 0087529087 Request for information
Attachments:	Fwd: Loan # 0087529087 Request for information

 
From:	Goldenrush59@aol.com
Sent:	Wednesday, July 12, 2006 7:26 AM
To:	lmoseley@ci.miramar.fl.us; Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	miramar resident news

PRESS RELEASE- FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE- JULY 10, 2006

 

POET ANASTASIA CLARK TO BE GUEST SPEAKER FOR FREE TELE-CLASS FOR PERSONS WITH DISABILITIES- OFFERED THROUGH THE NATIONAL WRITERS UNION AT-LARGE CHAPTER, LOCAL 1981 OF UAW, AFL-CIO

 

(Miramar, FL) Poet ANASTASIA CLARK announces she will be a Guest Speaker for a free tele-class offered by The National Writers Union At-Large chapter, Local 1981 of the United Auto Workers, a member of the AFL-CIO. The event will take place on Sunday, July 30, 2006 from 8:00pm- 9:00pm. EST.  The tele-class is part of a new program designed to help people with disabilities explore the field of writing. Each tele-class is approximately one hour long. Membership in the union is not required. If you would like to participate in the class, please call 954-537-7557 to sign up.

 

Sanford Rosenthal, a South Florida activist, who is blind himself, led the campaign to establish the new program which began in March 2006.  The goal was to create a forum whereby persons with disabilities could dial in to a teleconference and interact with each other- while also meeting representatives from the writing industry. So far, the program has been successful, with participants dialing in from all over the country. Rosenthal, who is the Disabilities Chairman for the At-Large Chapter of the National Writers Union (Local 1981), coordinates and leads each tele-class. Seth Eisenberg, Co-Chair for Organizing and Membership for the At-Large Chapter of the National Writers Union (Local 1981) also helps mentor each session. For more information, contact SanfordRosenthal@www.nwuatlarge.org or visit the website at MailScanner has detected a possible fraud attempt from "www.nwuatlarge.com" claiming to be www.nwuatlarge.org.

 

 

Anastasia Clark is the author of several books published by Sun Rising Poetry Press.  She grew up in Framingham, MA where she served as Poet-In-Residence to the public schools during 1977-78. She currently resides in Miramar, FL and conducts various poetry readings and appearances at libraries, schools, book stores and other venues. Her full-length titles include Grieving With Poetry (2004)- poems written after the death of her parents, Bloodsongs (2004)- poetry about women’s issues, Skeletons and Other Complaints (2004)- poetry about life’s challenges, Vagabond Pond (Spring 2006)- poems about feeling lost, and Electric Petticoats (Fall 2006)- poetry celebrating the spicier side of life.  Chapbooks include the POETRY PETALS collection- themed booklets designed for gift and floral baskets. Titles include Friendship Poems, Healing Poems, Holiday Poems, Humorous Poems, Inspirational Poems, Kaleidoscope Poems, Nostalgic Poems and Romantic Poems. Visit her website at www.anastasiaclark.com   or contact goldenrush59@aol.com to schedule an event. 

 

 



From:	John J Meyer <johanjj@juno.com>
Sent:	Wednesday, July 12, 2006 7:16 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Education
Attachments:	Retaliation.JPG

Dear Governor,

Our Florida Senators and Representatives have an obligation to look into
the following matter. I have prove that they are matters that affect our
state, nation, educational and justice system. 

The “Florida Home Rule” and the "employment at-will" state are being
misused interactively by the Polk County  school politician for their
political interest and not for the best interest of our students and our
educational system.  

I have been official dismissed from teaching by Dr. Clinton Wright as a
part-time Electrical Instructor for not donating to a private fundraising
campaign. Conveniently called, dismissed for a difference of opinion,
using Florida’s "employment at-will" state.  I have not been aware that
there has been an difference of opinion. 

The following is from desk of wendy.hosking@polk.fl.net, regarding
private fundraising campaigns. There is no prohibition against
participating in a private fund raising campaign; it should be noted that
participation must be voluntary. It cannot be made, either implicitly or
explicitly, a condition of employment, nor can participation or lack
thereof form the basis of any employment action or disparate treatment. 

When I came back from summer vacation I found all my study material
placed in boxes in the hallway. The hard drive had been take out of the
school computer with my prepared lessons to start the second semester.
This is a violation of 447,501 (1) (a) and (b) of Florida Status
(2004)’1, Pursuant to section 447,503(20). My civil rights have been
violated by the Polk County School Board for not following due process,
(see harassment attachment). 

On March 12, 2002, Mr. Bob Butterworth one of Florida Attorney Generals
made a statement that Florida would possess zero tolerance for
discrimination. I have not only been discriminated against but also
harassed, humiliate for all school employees and students to see. The
fundraising campaign did run through March 10. I continued to receive
pledge forms in my school mailbox including one illegally placed in my
home mailbox. I kept on teaching under those absurd circumstances for 6
month. It ended with a dismissal for a difference of opinion in the
middle of a semester. No one should have to accept this type of abuse in
a Florida Public School System.  

From the desk of Glenda Hood, Florida’s Secretary of State; Florida is an
"employment at-will" state. An employer can terminate an employee for any
reason, at any time, without advance notification so long as there is no
violation of federal or state law. Polk County violated 447,501 (1) (a)
and (b) of Florida Status (2004)’1, Pursuant to section 447,503(20),
including school board regulation 60X53-8, 004 (C). School employee Debby
Davis has been assigned to do the administration. The private fund
raising campaign has been approved by the Polk County School Board for
political reason. The All-Arian fund raising has been approved by the
USF.

I donated my time to train minorities and women to pass a mechanics test.
On August 17, 2005, School Board Attorney Deming Cowles wrote to me that
the school “can dismiss you for you’ re [sic] ethnic background....’ no
explanation needed “. Calling names in place of solving a problem. I am
presently tutoring a child of the (No Child Left behind Act of 2001) to
prepare her for her electrical journeyman exam. 

I  have been unable to receive representation from local Senators or
Representatives. Governor Jeb Bush claims in writing that he is powerless
to look into this matter. As soon I mention the “Florida Home Rule” to an
attorney, my free consultations are going down the drain. 

For the sake of our students and our educational system you have an
obligation to look into the this matter. 

Sincerely yours,

John J. Meyer
404 Whitman Rd. 
Winter Haven Fl. 33884




From:	creig speed <creig99@cox.net>
Sent:	Wednesday, July 12, 2006 7:18 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	victims right bill you signed recently

dear governor
 
     i am an independent registered voter,i prefer to vote for the person and not the party.your recent signing of the victims right to defend themslves from predator criminals was in direct correlation to the crime rate decrease to the 1971 levels.your ,please forgive my paraphrasing of your speech, you believe when criminals think twice if us law biding citizens are armed they thnk twice about taking advantage of us.i am not an NRA member but you make perfect sense.when i see a victim go after a predator who loses their life or suffers extreme injury because they picked the wrong person to attack or vitimize and then suffer at the hands as a vigilante from an over zealous prosecutor this bill you signed does nothing but send those prosecutors we have a right to protect ourselves and the cops are not always there.you have made me rethink my whole analysis of how i catagorized your objectives.thank you for giving us law biding citizens some power back.
                                        respectively,
                                         creig speed
                                         pensacila,fl 32503
 
From:	Ron & Lynne McAndrew <mclyn82@bellsouth.net>
Sent:	Wednesday, July 12, 2006 7:17 AM
To:	jacksonville@ic.fbi.gov
Cc:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	James Vernon Crosby

To:  Federal Bureau of Investigation, Jacksonville Office

 

Dear Sir or Madam:

 

I’ve tried to contribute to your investigation (or even get one started) of above subject Crosby now for 4 years. 

 

At this point I’m wondering why I’m not seeing Brad Carter’s name on the ‘media list’ of those involved. I provided information to indicate there’s an excellent chance you’ll find an antique bath tub (originally put in the warden’s house on Hwy 16) around 1918 in the upstairs’ bathroom missing. Brad Carter related to me when I lived in that house in 1996 – 1998 that he was “the owner” of that bathtub and that I shouldn’t have it “removed”, or if I did, I should give him the opportunity to get it. I was told a year or so after moving from Raiford to Orlando that the bathtub had been removed from the house. Business Manager Omar Arocho advised me at that time that the tub was “state owned” and was part of the original equipment of this old home. I have seen several tubs like the one described in antique shops going for more than $1500.00. Carter was Crosby’s closest friend. They grew up together from age 5 or 6 according to Carter and Crosby.

 

On another subject I provided the FBI with information on a female employee at Florida State Prison in the business office in 1996-1998 that was found to be accepting graft from a ‘contractor.’ Business manager Omar Arocho was the person who uncovered this criminal activity. I started an investigation, removed this employee “Donna” and assigned her to the training building to do clerical work until the investigation was completed. This was interrupted by my being moved away from FSP. (I was uncovering just too much in terms of fraud in the recycling program, Donna ‘graft’ case, fraud in the training of staff, etc.) Upon my move from FSP and Crosby’s arrival……….the investigation died and the “Donna” employee was promoted! This woman was a close friend to James Crosby.

 

I also gave the FBI information on hardwood furniture being fabricated in the cabinet shop at Wakulla Correctional Institution (allegedly for Crosby or Clark or both). Was this investigated?

 

As you hear my ax grind, please note that it represents my resentment for those who feel they are above the law.

 

My contact information is below should you want to pursue these allegations.

 

Sincerely,

 

Ron McAndrew

20390 The Granada

Dunnellon, FL 34432-6082

(352) 465 5919 Office

(352) 342 1450 Cellular

www.RonMcAndrew.com

 

 

From:	John Nooney <vendo5@yahoo.com>
Sent:	Wednesday, July 12, 2006 5:57 AM
To:	duvaltaxpayers@googlegroups.com; Susan C Eastman; edgrey@comcast.net; kay ehas; EMI-Section508@dhs.gov; Edward Eng; Robin Engel; Wayne Ezell; features@detnews.com; FEMA; Ander Crenshaw; vendo5@yahoo.com; John Crescimbeni; criscoinc2@aol.com; James B Crooks; John Culbreth; Lad Daniels; Marti Davenport; Dan Davis; Davis, Don; Todd Davison; dcpitman@aol.com; john delaney; Denis&Francine; Doreen DiCarlo; Don Dingman; donnie sing; Connie Durand; Tiffany Busby; Governor Jeb Bush; Shirley Buterbaugh; sue carlson; Carlton, Lisa; Carroll, Jennifer; carter@carterbryangroup.com; cavuto@foxnews.com; cbs47news@ccjax.com; Carolyn Chatman; Richard Cheney; cityc@coj.net; Mike Clark; Richard Clark; Tim Clower; comments@whitehouse.gov; commuter@detnews.com; Ed Conley; mitch cooksey; Sharon Copeland; MIKE Corrigan; Alison Bethel; jane beville; bhill@courier-journal.com; Mike Bianchi; Mack Bissette; Susan Bitting; biz@detnews.com; BobBill; bobby.fitzsimmons@ahlcorp.com; Bob Boteler; Brian Bowman; Christopher Boyd; John Bozzo; Brinson; Beverly Brooks; Elaine Brown; Mickee Brown; Philip Bruce; Cecil Brumley; Dan Burke; Jim Adams; amrivers@amrivers.org; anne Keller; Neil armingeon; Carolyn Artman; aschindler@folioweekly.com; aunt Mary; Marty Bahamonde; Jean Baker; James Bassham; tony bates; david bauerlein; Bruce Baughman; Bean, Aaron; Mike Beeman; Stuart Benson
Subject:	Executive Action needed Immediately outside of Duval County Florida.

President Bush, Please help.
Vice President Cheney, Please help
Homeland Security Secretary Michael Chertoff, Please help.
R.David Paulison with FEMA, Please help.
Governor Bush, Please help
Mr. Craig Fugate, Please Help.
Mrs. Mary Lynn Miller, Please help.
 
Everyone go to Metjax.com and go to Downtown Jacksonville and read the thread about the Fuller Warren immediately.
 
Any news media outside of Duval County Florida  please help. 
 
                                                                                    Sincerely,
                                                                                    John Nooney

  _____  

Want to be your own boss? Learn how on Yahoo! Small Business. 
From:	holmesrip2@aol.com
Sent:	Wednesday, July 12, 2006 5:03 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Coral Gables update

Dear Governor Bush:
 
I moved from functioning at a "B" level to a "D" level after yesterday's City Commission vote.
 
I underestimated the changes that can occur there, and in Coral Gables.
 
Putting it frankly, Commissioner Maria Anderson is more development oriented, but in a manner which enriches her friend George Hernandez, at the apparent expense of Miracle Mile, than I thought.  I thought she was a Miracle Mile purist.  She is neither.
 
Thank you for allowing me to give you this update, Sir.
 
I have a crystal ball.  It tells me there should be a Jeb Bush Presidency in 2008.
 
Best wishes and best success,
 

Jackson Rip Holmes

3720 Collins Avenue, #410

Miami Beach, Florida  33140

Phone:  305-338-5000

Fax:  305-695-2920

E-Mail:  Holmesrip2@aol.com

 

From:	John J Meyer <johanjj@juno.com>
Sent:	Wednesday, July 12, 2006 5:05 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Education
Attachments:	Retaliation.JPG

Dear Mr. Newman,

Our Florida Senators and Representatives have an obligation to look into
the following matter. I have prove that they are matters that affect our
state, nation, educational and justice system. 

The “Florida Home Rule” and the "employment at-will" state are being
misused interactively by the Polk County  school politician for their
political interest and not for the best interest of our students and our
educational system.  

I have been official dismissed from teaching by Dr. Clinton Wright as a
part-time Electrical Instructor for not donating to a private fundraising
campaign. Conveniently called, dismissed for a difference of opinion,
using Florida’s "employment at-will" state.  I have not been aware that
there has been an difference of opinion. 

The following is from desk of wendy.hosking@polk.fl.net, regarding
private fundraising campaigns. There is no prohibition against
participating in a private fund raising campaign; it should be noted that
participation must be voluntary. It cannot be made, either implicitly or
explicitly, a condition of employment, nor can participation or lack
thereof form the basis of any employment action or disparate treatment. 

When I came back from summer vacation I found all my study material
placed in boxes in the hallway. The hard drive had been take out of the
school computer with my prepared lessons to start the second semester.
This is a violation of 447,501 (1) (a) and (b) of Florida Status
(2004)’1, Pursuant to section 447,503(20). My civil rights have been
violated by the Polk County School Board for not following due process,
(see harassment attachment). 

On March 12, 2002, Mr. Bob Butterworth one of Florida Attorney Generals
made a statement that Florida would possess zero tolerance for
discrimination. I have not only been discriminated against but also
harassed, humiliate for all school employees and students to see. The
fundraising campaign did run through March 10. I continued to receive
pledge forms in my school mailbox including one illegally placed in my
home mailbox. I kept on teaching under those absurd circumstances for 6
month. It ended with a dismissal for a difference of opinion in the
middle of a semester. No one should have to accept this type of abuse in
a Florida Public School System.  

From the desk of Glenda Hood, Florida’s Secretary of State; Florida is an
"employment at-will" state. An employer can terminate an employee for any
reason, at any time, without advance notification so long as there is no
violation of federal or state law. Polk County violated 447,501 (1) (a)
and (b) of Florida Status (2004)’1, Pursuant to section 447,503(20),
including school board regulation 60X53-8, 004 (C). School employee Debby
Davis has been assigned to do the administration. The private fund
raising campaign has been approved by the Polk County School Board for
political reason. The All-Arian fund raising has been approved by the
USF.

I donated my time to train minorities and women to pass a mechanics test.
On August 17, 2005, School Board Attorney Deming Cowles wrote to me that
the school “can dismiss you for you’ re [sic] ethnic background....’ no
explanation needed “. Calling names in place of solving a problem. I am
presently tutoring a child of the (No Child Left behind Act of 2001) to
prepare her for her electrical journeyman exam. 

I  have been unable to receive representation from local Senators or
Representatives. Governor Jeb Bush claims in writing that he is powerless
to look into this matter. As soon I mention the “Florida Home Rule” to an
attorney, my free consultations are going down the drain. 

For the sake of our students and our educational system you have an
obligation to look into the this matter. 

Sincerely yours,

John J. Meyer
404 Whitman Rd. 
Winter Haven Fl. 33884




From:	robertp@icdus.com
Sent:	Wednesday, July 12, 2006 2:38 AM
To:	comments@whitehouse.gov; Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Donna and Jim Hanner talk about their uncertain future

This photo was sent to you by: Robert Perkis

Comments: Evidence of your failure to act to protect mobile home owners.


  _____  

	 
 Donna and Jim Hanner talk about their uncertain future
Low on options 
Donna and Jim Hanner talk about their uncertain future now that they have to leave the Stirling Road Mobile Home Park. The Seminole Tribe says people are waiting for homes to be built on the land.
(Sun-Sentinel/Angel Valentin)

Jul. 8, 2006


  _____  

See more interesting pictures at MailScanner has detected a possible fraud attempt from "www.sun-sentinel.com" claiming to be Sun-Sentinel.com’s Day in Pictures. 
From:	robertp@icdus.com
Sent:	Wednesday, July 12, 2006 2:35 AM
To:	comments@whitehouse.gov; Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Seminole's plan to build housing leaves displaced residents scrambling in a rough market

This story was sent to you by: Robert Perkis

Once again we see you failed to protect your citizens who live in mobile home parks. This is a crime, when are you going to take action?

--------------------
Seminole's plan to build housing leaves displaced residents scrambling in a rough market 
--------------------

By Adrianna C. Rodriguez
South Florida Sun-Sentinel

July 12, 2006

DAVIE -- Even the Seminole Tribe, which earns hundreds of millions yearly from its casinos and other holdings, is facing a housing crunch.

"The tribe is in a position like so many entities in South Florida. There's just not enough affordable housing," said Gary Bitner, spokesman for the more than 3,000-member tribe.

Bitner said there is a "long waiting list" of people, mostly young families, waiting for a home. "These are people who grew up on the Hollywood reservation and want to stay," he said.

To accommodate them, in February the Seminoles purchased the Stirling Road Mobile Home Park near State Road 7 for $6.9 million. But their solution means the mobile home park's 150 low-income residents must move.

On May 26, they were told they have until Dec. 1 to find a new place to live. But their choices are few as affordable housing opportunities shrink by the day.

"We are in the midst of an affordable housing crisis which was exacerbated by Hurricane Wilma," said Shirley Taylor-Prakelt, director of housing and community development for the town.

The town lost 985 structures in the hurricane, including 832 mobile homes, said Taylor-Prakelt. In addition, the town has lost more than 889 affordable rental apartments to condo conversion.

Nearly all the mobile homes in the Stirling Road park are too old to move, according to state statute, so the residents must leave them behind.

"It's really hard knowing we have to start all over again," said Donna Hanner, 55, who has lived in the park with husband Jim Hanner for more than 20 years.

They bought their mid-1970's home for $12,500. The tribe has offered them $2,750 to move out by August.

"They really done us a raw deal," said Jim, 59, who has postponed retirement indefinitely because he expects his housing payments will double once he moves.

The tribe has not decided what type of homes or how many it will build on the property. And it has not made a final decision on whether it will seek to de-annex the land, Bitner said.

In order to de-annex, the tribe must petition the U.S. Department of Interior to hold the land in trust for them. If granted, the property becomes part of the sovereign Seminole nation and is no longer part of Davie or the town's tax roll.

The park's residents recently got some support from the town council, which passed a resolution opposing the eviction without evidence of available comparable housing, and also opposed future attempts by the tribe to de-annex land from Davie.

"It sends a very loud message that we are putting ourselves on the record," said Taylor-Prakelt of the resolution that is meant to reflect the town's opinion but has no legal weight.

Mayor Tom Truex said the resolution's main purpose was to ask the tribe to help residents leave with more than the minimum required by law.

"It means that we want to do what we can to assist them," he said. "It's a tough situation."

The Seminole tribe first offered to pay residents $1,375 for a singlewide and $2,750 for a doublewide mobile home, the minimum required by Florida statute.

Last month, the tribe offered residents double that amount if they left by August.

The Seminoles will also forgive the 14 outstanding mortgages they assumed when they purchased the property if residents keep their rent and mortgage payments current until they move.

But neither plan provides the displaced residents with comparable housing, said Taylor-Prakelt.

She said she and acting town administrator Ken Cohen plan to meet with the tribe in the coming months.

"I feel confident they will come back with an adequate plan," she said.

Adrianna C. Rodriguez can be reached at acrodriguez@sun-sentinel.com or 954- 385-7916 .



Copyright (c) 2006, South Florida Sun-Sentinel 

Visit Sun-Sentinel.com
From:	Raquel Verdeguez <jeremiahfaith@hotmail.com>
Sent:	Wednesday, July 12, 2006 2:27 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	[*] gether out

Plese once again understand I live in california  Ivist  many differnt 
places  . Iliein florida if and when Ichoose to.  Pleae get any woamn that 
ais a confesed r perhaps not conveesed crimnail  murderer aa womanthat took 
pleasure inwathiing a teenagerthat was being use the rwrongay   out of 
jeaolusy   haveto perform  a sex act ona man  in a room full of people  
pehrps becauseshe forgottobea christian.  a woamn tht boasted about having 
her hurt or used or killed or whateve it was  for the sake of  anything at 
all  she was awhore willingly  forthe purpose of her own guilt  or for pity, 
  a woawoman that wathced them fill aroom with satan   wand ad her fed 
poison murderers and theives   I dont care if the presence of God   or if 
Jesus isstaning rightnext to her doyouudnerstnad gether out ofanystate that 
I ever lived in  florida or claifornia   out of cananda while i am here out 
f any place I walk  she is worsthatthe filth beneath myshoshoes  Idotn care 
if she  thoughtto be pregnant. Ther coud never ever vevbeany jealousy  
beteween  myeself for her as she was never anyone tha I everrespected  nor 
wantedas afreidn   nor wanted to  msinter with nor wantd asnanything  but 
gone for am amns life as hermotivations then wer  fiilled with  sin   
bothbefore a covenant honoring God and a  a womanthat doesnt need positon 
nor authority  nor  "books of poetry tht match my own or surpass them but nr 
alicense to tdo anythingbut  sit ina jail for the next 26 years    adn think 
of what did raquel mean when she said margie idontwantyou to touch myyonger 
sister at all"  Margie Idont want your sister angie or our duaghter jessica  
touchng or botheringme  Idont liek you rfamily I dont wantyour people. Was 
jessic present when  I was hurt ina hopsital  called saddleback?  thenplease 
putthat 20 year old inprison as well  youudnersntay and everytimethey went 
along with it  for anyreason at all they became animls to me  more than any 
beast  that they thoughtto eithe rlink me to or  equate me to.Gtthe mecian 
out of anyhouse that ieverlivedin for straters  and any apartment that ever  
had my name attache to it  for even a moment  illegally as I did notreside 
intexs this year   only sevearl yearslago iatthe ymca  on montana street


From:	Raquel Verdeguez <jeremiahfaith@hotmail.com>
Sent:	Wednesday, July 12, 2006 2:00 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	pleaes keep the following out

Are you angry with me or withthe marien that used my email aoccounts to 
harss you inmy stead.   Forgive me if I am busy attemptingto maintain being 
myself and forgviem eifthe trah tyou allow to harssme aonly makes  things 
workse get the mecain off of my back out ofmyemails out of my 
lifealltogether she is not me not worhtyto be me not my friend not my help 
not my anything is thta a clearer request thankyou in advance for your  
expedious reply/ I was notI was jotting down some notes   not trying to 
impress eeither them nor you with mywriting ability.  Margaert was not 
innocent  wasnnot ad if let free should havecertanly not been entertatinedby 
any of you foranything more than  wahtever prostitute  walked the street 
inel paso   after causig  ateenager to do so you udnersand?  Very serous 
business.Forgive me if Iseem rrude i dont liekfeelinglikeanyone but myself


From:	wildflower4ever1961 <wildflower4ever1961@yahoo.com>
Sent:	Wednesday, July 12, 2006 12:11 AM
To:	scso@seminolesheriff.org
Cc:	dmerkt@seminolecountyfl.gov; Constantine, Lee; Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	[*] 911 call

I would like to take some of your time to bring to your attention a matter that is really bothering me and I feel really needs to be corrected immediately. 
This evening (Tuesday, July 11), my mother, (Marge Patterson, 1029 Manchester Circle, Winter Park, 407-678-4071) called the Seminole County Sheriff Department because she had been threatened and was scared.  An adult male had entered her house, uninvited, and refused to leave until my younger brother was forced to pull out a machete and, with the machete swinging, my mother was able to use the door to push the man out of her house.  Her call to the sheriff was "poo-poo'ed" ... no-one showed up!  
There has been an ongoing problem with some young men and my younger brother (my brother, Paul, is 17 and the young men he is having trouble with are between 17-21 or older.)  Paul has been attacked when outside the house on several occasions.  These young men have come up into my mothers yard and home, yelling obscenities and threatening to kill Paul, damage my mothers cars, etc.  This "trouble" has been ongoing for quite some time, with both sides adding to the melee.
This "ongoing problem" or "teenage brawl" is why the deputy who answered the 911 call would NOT send anyone to my mothers home when she called.  She was told they would not get involved in a teenage dispute!  
A teenage dispute?!?  My mother was threatened.  My mother instructed this gentleman out of her house, and he refused.  My mother had to stand there, with younger children in the home, as a strange man she did not know (along with another who stood outside the door) screamed through her home.  She was in fear for her life and for the lives of her family.  Had my brother not found a weapon to scare this stranger out of my mothers home, who knows what he would have done.  Two others showed up shortly afterwards, standing in the yard and screaming threats.  This time there was no call to the sheriff ... after all, what good would that do?  My mother has to sit in her home, living in fear that these men are going to come back, because the police WOULD NOT do their job!  
Yes, this may have all started as a "teenage brawl".  But that does not negate the fact that some men committed a crime when they came into my mothers home and screamed threats.  Because of a "teenage brawl", the sheriffs office should NOT be relieved of their duty to enforce the law. Because of a "teenage brawl" young men should NOT be allowed to stalk a young man, jump him and beat him, enter into a home uninvited and refuse to leave when asked, or be allowed to return to that home to destroy cars and property (as they yelled they would do). 
Didn't the Deltona murders begin with a "teenage brawl"???  Is that what this is going to come to?  
What do I want to see happen?  I want deputies at my mothers home IMMEDIATELY upon reading this!  I want this problem taken care of and the young men who come to my mothers home arrested!  The law does provide for that, doesn't it?  It does say that if someone illegally enters your home (and refuses to leave when asked) then they are breaking the law ... doesn't it?  
Do I sound angry?  You betcha!  I am angry that my mother exercised her right to have the sheriff provide required protection and they neglected her!  I am angry that someone at the sheriffs office had the audacity to try to make my mother feel like an idiot when she called to report that she was in fear!  I am angry that I may some time soon go to her home and find dead bodies laying around!  A "teenage brawl"????  NO ... it has escalted beyond that point and it has become dangerous!  
Please take care of this matter before it is too late.
Again, my mom's info is:
Winter Park Fl
407-678-4071
Thank you,
Teresa Patterson Kemper   


Wildflower4ever1961 
just swayin' with the breeze 
*****

  _____  

Do you Yahoo!?
Everyone is raving about the all-new Yahoo! Mail Beta.
From:	Ana Sanchez <frostproofloca@yahoo.com>
Sent:	Wednesday, July 12, 2006 12:06 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	New immigration law proposed by mayor of Avon Park

Ana Sanchez
820 Dawes Rd
Frostproof, FL 33843-9793


July 12, 2006

The Honorable Jeb Bush
Governor of Florida
The Capitol, 400 S. Monroe St.
Tallahassee, FL 32399-0001


Dear Governor Bush:

Dear, Governor Bush
PLEASE READ THIS AND DO NOT IGNORE WHAT I HAVE TO SAY,AND PLEASE RESPOND 
SOON!!!
 I am very concerned about the new law the mayor of Avon Park has proposed 
and intends to put into action because I live in Frostproof and I am 
Mexican-American. I do not believe that what he is trying to do is right, 
it is simply being racist and discriminating against hard working people 
who only come here to work. I am very proud to be mexican-american and it 
hurts me to know how this mayor is trying to make mexicans and other 
immigrants look as if they are worthless and do not belong. I am very 
upset that he wants to enforce a law in which English is the only language 
allowed to be spoken because I am an american and there is no way that he 
can get rid of me, and I do not want him to take away my heritage and my 
right to speak my language simply because he feels that we should only be 
allowed to speak english.I have always believed that this country is the 
land of the free and the land of opportunity, so then why is the mayor not 
giving these people the opportunity to do what they came here to do, which 
is to work and make a better life for themselves. I do not believe that he 
remembers what this land stands for. I do, it stands for freedom.I do not 
want my little brother or my nephew who are mexican-american  growing up 
being discriminated against just because they are MEXICAN.This mayor with 
his proposed law is just paving the road for racism and discrimination. He 
is teaching the youth of Florida to discriminate against anyone who is not 
"WHITE" and therefore in his own close-minded point of view do not belong 
here. It hurts me to know how much hatred there is for mexicans like my 
father who only come here to fulfill the american dream.They go through 
many hardships to still come here and be hated only because they were not 
born here,only because of that one piece of paper that says they do not 
belong.This is why I am writing to you Governor Bush because I am very 
worried, stressed and afraid that the country I was born in and that I 
have come to know as the land of the free is now becoming a land of 
discrimination and racism.I want that mayor to know that I belong here, I 
have the right to speak my two languages English and Spanish whether he 
likes it or not and I am willing to fight for my rights and for the rights 
of my mexican people who are afraid to speak for themselves because of 
people like the mayor of Avon Park who feel superior to everyone else 
because he is white and because he was born here. Well I would like him to 
know that I was born here too and there is no way  I am going to sit back 
and watch quitely while he destroys the peace and freedom of people in my 
community. I realize that I am only eighteen and recently graduated but I 
will do anything in my power to fight for my rights I will not let him 
take away what is rightfully mine like my freedom to be who I am. I am 
hoping that you as governor will put an end to this non-sense before it 
gets out of control.America needs to realize that this country is what it 
is because of the DIVERSITY of its people.I write to you in desperation 
because I feel degraded as an american because of this one man, who thinks 
he is better than me, and I hope and trust that you will do your best to 
protect our freedom and our country and all of its people whether they be 
White,Mexican,Black,Haiti or anyone else.Governor I remember when you came 
to visit our school in Frostproof and our principal let us know that you 
were not only a great governor but also a very nice person and that is why 
I will trust that you will do the right thing to help "AMERICANS". By the 
way my definition for an American is not someone who was born here,but 
someone who is willing to work extremely hard for this country and what it 
has to offer.Please do something to stop this from happening!!

Sincerely,


Ana Maria Sanchez
(863)635-6230


From:	R belle <belle_483@yahoo.com>
Sent:	Wednesday, July 12, 2006 12:00 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Fwd: correction
Attachments:	correction

Please find out who or what is affecting my my correspondence as I can clearly write something had a great intolerance for mispelling and dont like to know that you cannot help in those matters simple as they are.. 
You are very very attractive of course. I have not been in some time and that is not low self esteem that is simply telling you plainly whatever has taken place has been damaging  physically and or  internally  moreso.  Emotionally  iI am being influenced and or  affected externally   for the sake of appearance. 
I love your brother  and his famiy  and wan themto pull through that is all.  Make whateer appoloies  youcanor need to on my behalf if it is necessary. I aI am not myyounger sister Jessicva  who knows you all personaly  and intimately  I imagien and still managed to e urt.  Please se what you can do in thatrespect as wellas  helping me setup scholarships for  sevearl children  with more extenssive training prrams that will  benefit them  in the futrure in any are they need it. Also if you rmarien was operating out of direct ordersto t a superior  officer then plese see that he also is penalized as  

Note: forwarded message attached.

  _____  

Yahoo! Music Unlimited - Access over 1 million songs. Try it free. 
From:	R belle <belle_483@yahoo.com>
Sent:	Tuesday, July 11, 2006 11:44 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Once again

Once again if myyounger sister cannot speak  verbally  and ws hurt nfor tellingthe truth or for knowing about anything inyour  brothers amadmnistration if  you can assit your brother  with his marine corp problem as inas in  I dont wanttobe touchedby any mariendcalled Median  I amnot his family members t the degree thatnor was I a wilinglover  sexual abuse is always seuxal abuse whether forced or not.  If your  brother r his Corp cannot  get him out of my life sucxessfully then perhaps you can find a way to okay as soon aspossible  withtoutthe thtreats without the jokes without  the same people that killed her or triedto kil lme  comeing around   or attemptingto accessme here
 
the salsa festival situationwasa spoof but alsoa clear warning  als if  inthepast the cult has infiltrated  police  fdeparetments then would it standto resonthat I dont wanttobe bothered with police at all tthank you  

  _____  

Talk is cheap. Use Yahoo! Messenger to make PC-to-Phone calls. Great rates starting at 1¢/min.
From:	R belle <belle_483@yahoo.com>
Sent:	Tuesday, July 11, 2006 11:39 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	correction
Attachments:	always urgent without any  other family members thankyou

  
 
Also I shouldnt be attracted to you in anyway.  Please  check on who they have me linked to with whatever distortion they created in me Also most expeditously avenge my younger sister Jessica green for any sexual abuse and or mental cruelty that took place by any marine andor  others. Laslty much like marlyn Monroe I dont use drugs. I doubt that she did either. Lets jsut say that those matters arepast. the Point is please make sure that I am not linked to any one on a soap network  or anyone  that ditn udnertsnt taht iit is more importantto be  chritistian than to be Puertorrican or American   but by being one  am more than entitled notto be botherd. okay thank you.
 
We are very much living intimes where the bible says that the love of many will wax cold ththat means we dont always feellike wanting to be christans . And shouldnt depend on othesto make us want to be one. Be one because he loves you moe than any human being can Be one because he forgives differently than people do and more completely. Be one because there is more to consider than just this life irregardless of how many trying times we go through or how many afflictions or persecutions we face in life, in trouble or out of.
I did not pray with them this morning..simply tried to help them get somewhat ready for school and when they had boarded their bus said "Good Morning, Jesus" They made up for all of the unpleasantness that attempted to rival my time here here. 
 
 
.


Note: forwarded message attached.

  _____  

Do you Yahoo!?
Get on board. You're invited to try the new Yahoo! Mail Beta.
From:	michaelsFL5@aol.com
Sent:	Tuesday, July 11, 2006 11:24 PM
To:	Clarke, Donna; campaign@electharris.org; carl.callahan@cityofbradenton.com
Cc:	Carlton, Lisa; cboyle@insurancejournal.com; K.Fodor@comcast.net; kenmehlman@gop.com; kzeese@democracyrising.us; abramsreport@msnbc.com; action@consumer.org; activist.thepen@gmail.com; activist@democrats.com; admin@consumerwatchdog.org; Prudhomme123@aol.com; belisama447@yahoo.com; Bennett, Michael (LEG); Governor Jeb Bush; djberger@swbell.net; eroome87@verizon.net; bdilego@hotmail.com; EJDorin@verizon.net; pegleg1013@yahoo.com; SRQT@aol.com; charles.miville@verizon.net; objoyful@tampabay.rr.com; carol003@tampabay.rr.com; christinapaciorek@yahoo.com; paradox900@yahoo.com; Joanna727@msn.com; peoplepower@aflcio.org; pkngngopnimegnxe@AirAmericaRadio-lists.com; lee.tom.web@flsenate.gov
Subject:	Fwd: Homeowners Insurance Quote
Attachments:	Re: Homeowners Insurance Quote

 
From:	R belle <belle_483@yahoo.com>
Sent:	Tuesday, July 11, 2006 11:22 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	always urgent without any  other family members thankyou

Was thinking of Jenna When I wrote this. I cannot help  a delayed reaction or  processing of information but it is the rasonthat I continue to rach for yoru family  if that makes sense  Do give both your father and other my  affections and regards and ask them topray with and forme.  God loves you and your family  you understand.  
 
Also I shouldnt be attractted to you inanyway  Uncle Bush Dark haired or not please  check onwho tey have me linked to and most expedciously avenge my younger sister Jessica green for any sexual abuse and or mental cruelty that took place by any marine andor  others.
 
We are very much living intimes where the bible says that the love of many will wax cold ththat means we dont always feellike wanting to be christans . And shouldnt depend on othesto make us want to be one. Be one because he loves you moe than any human being can Be one because he cforgivesdifferenlty than people do and more completely be one because there is more to consider than just this life irregardless of how many trying times we go through or how many afflictions or persecutions we face in life, in trouble or out of.
Two beautiful girls last night and ahome that is so purely meant for them toys everywhere, colorful furniture. They are two gem hidden in the Fathers hands. A little Rachel with fiery red highlights who while I was attempting to tell her of the importance of saying Thank you to Jesus reminded me clearly that God is Everywhere. And clearly didnt want blueberries either yesterday or this morning. Her older sister dances like an Angel playing on an Alter when she didnt know anyone was watching. And their mom loads of fun and a patient listener as well. 
I did not pray with them this morning..simply tried to help them get somewhat ready for school and when they had boarded their bus said "Good Morning, Jesus" They made up for all of the unpleasantness that attempted to rival my time here here. 
 
 
.

  _____  

Want to be your own boss? Learn how on Yahoo! Small Business. 
From:	1rover@comcast.net
Sent:	Tuesday, July 11, 2006 10:55 PM
To:	Co-Chairman; Dick Cheney; Chairman; G. W.  Bush
Cc:	Tom; Sean; Michael Savage; Rush; John  McCain; GG Liddy; Les; Governor Jeb Bush; Bill
Subject:	[*] What's next? Citizenship for Club Gitmo inmates!

First, you want to make twelve million illegal alien criminals citizens. Now you have justified murdering terrorists being equal to American Military in war!  I am really  surprised you didn't make the Club Gitmo Inmates citizens like the twelve million illegal alien, you proposed citizenship for!  Why stop here, make bin laden a citizen, then American defense lawyers can find a technicality to find him, NOT GUILTY!  Pres. Bush, I liked you when you were a Cowboy, not the PC- freak democRAT you are NOW!   Reagan was a COWBOY, you were a weak cowboy!  You are starting to make Kerry look good!(PU)     PLEASE GOD!!!!  HELP US!  The only good Islam terrorist is A DEAD Islam terrorist!  Remember, Islam, the religion of DEATH to unbeliever!  Cowboys hung the bad guys!  They didn't smother them with kindness!
From:	michaelsFL5@aol.com
Sent:	Tuesday, July 11, 2006 10:54 PM
To:	mary.gfiosprey@verizon.net
Cc:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Re: Homeowners Insurance Quote

Mary, here are some of the figures from Poe:
 
Coverage A- Residence: $136,000
Coverage B- Appurtenant Structures: $13,600
Coverage C- Personal Property: $68,000
Coverage D- Additional Living Expense: $27,200
Premium Charge for Hurricane Exposure: $565.00
Coverage E- Personal Liability: $300,000
Coverage F- Medical Payments: $1000.00
Premises Alarm/Fire Protection Credit: $43.00
$500 deductible. 
 
I will still fax you the Poe Policy.  My premium cost per year was $1159.00 and we cannot afford to pay double or triple.  Thank you, Susan Massaconi, Sarasota, FL
 
Your quote: $2224.00    Unacceptable financially.  We will lose our home with any quote similar to this.  
From:	SherriNelson78@aol.com
Sent:	Tuesday, July 11, 2006 10:51 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Thank You!!!

I just wanted to say thank you for whatever it is that you did to make DCF in Lake County decide to get out of my life so I could go back to just being a mom to my kids. I appreciate it very much. Thank you for your time with my family, means more to me than you will ever know.
 
                                                                       Sincerely, 
                                                                                    Sherri Nelson
From:	Priscilla Marin <bebita412000@yahoo.com>
Sent:	Tuesday, July 11, 2006 10:47 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush; First Lady
Subject:	[*] Need help for my daughter frances

July 5, 2006
 
 
 
Dear Mr. and Mrs. Bush:
 
My name is Priscilla Colon. Before explaining to you the reason for this letter I would like to tell you a little about my family and myself. I was born in New York City, my parents are Puerto Rican. I lived all my childhood and teenage years in Puerto Rico. At the age of   twenty four I married Francisco Colon, father of my two children. After one year of marriage, I gave birth to my first born child, Frances. It was then when we moved from Puerto Rico to Orlando, Florida in search of better job opportunities and a better education for our daughter in the future that was to come. My husband obtained two jobs so that I could stay home to raise my child until she was ready to begin her school years. At that point in time, it was not easy for me due to the language barrier and not getting to see my husband that much. I give thanks to God every day of my life for my persistence along the way. My first job experience was at the Orange County Health Department. At the interview I remember not understanding nor speaking too much English therefore most of my answers to the interviewer were in written. They needed a person who could speak in Spanish, therefore I got the job. At the beginning it was a difficult experience for me because many of the people who I attended did not understand what they so called   my “broken English”. Little did they realize that their comments gave me the strength, willpower and persistence to not give up on learning the English language. Today I can say that with practice and immersion in the English language, I feel proud that, although with an accent, I can speak it correctly and quite fluently. I worked at the Orange County WIC Department for eight years. Currently, I have been working at an Orange County school for six years as an Instructional Clerk. This year I was elected Support Person of the Year at the school. I am proud of having obtained many of the goals I set for myself eighteen years ago when I first arrived to Florida. My husband and I have never had to ask for any financial help from the government because we as responsible parents and citizens of this nation under God, have always worked as hard as possible to obtain our financial needs. There are times when the journey of life becomes harder than we may handle. The reason for my letter to you today is to ask for your help in regards to my daughter Frances. She attended the public schools of Florida since her kinder year until this year (2006) where she recently graduated from her senior year from Colonial High School located in Orlando, Florida. Although Frances never obtained more than a 3 in her FCAT scores due to her nervousness while taking her FCATS, she was always an honor student graduating from high school with a 3.53 average. Frances’ most ultimate dream is to become an English teacher. I contemplate and admire her as she constantly tutors the children of our neighborhood including her ten year old brother Franco. Although we have always been here to provide her in all her financial needs, it is almost impossible for us to provide her with her college expenses. We have applied for FASFA and are waiting for an answer. On the other hand, Frances applied for the Two Plus Two Scholarship which would provide for two years at the Valencia University and two years at UCF, including books. Two weeks ago we received a letter stating that financial help from this scholarship was denied to my daughter. Frances was very discouraged and so were we. Mr. Bush we need your help. We are all aware of the shortage of teachers in Florida. Frances has the potential, the desire, the will power and most of all, the dream of becoming a successful teacher. May you help us with Frances’ dream of inspiring, encouraging, energizing and illuminating the hearts of so many children? We need your  help to fulfill her desire of becoming an agent of change so that our society can be enriched with educated people shaping them into responsible citizens within our nation. Highly qualified and devoted teachers are needed more than ever in our society. Once again I do ask you to please help us in any way possible you may so that Frances may obtain a higher education, a rewarding profession which without the financial help she needs will not be able to do so. Frances is scheduled to start her college classes in August 26, 2006. We are running out of time and do not know how she is going to make it without financial help being the fact that we cannot afford it. As I mentioned before, she has applied for many other scholarships which up until today we have not had any answers from them. It is in a classroom, with a highly qualified teacher where the American Dream really does come true. Frances wants to be one of those qualified teachers.  Is there anyway you may help us to make her dream come true? We would appreciate all the help we may get from you in helping her  becoming one  more of the many responsible, inspiring and devoted teachers in our nation who inspire our children and youth to fulfill their potentials. Frances will live eternally thankful for being helped by you to achieve the most challenging and most rewarding profession there will always be: Education. Her pay back to you will be the satisfaction of having awakening the expectations and affected the eternity of so many that will have passed through her classroom; as a result, touching the future of our nation.  
Thank you and God bless you.
 
Sincerely,
 
 
Priscilla Colon
838 Grenadier Drive
Orlando, Florida  32807
bebita412000@yahoo.com  
407-737-8583 (H)
407-435-6492 (C)
 
 

  _____  

Do you Yahoo!?
Get on board. You're invited to try the new Yahoo! Mail Beta.
From:	tito sanchez <titotitoi2002@hotmail.com>
Sent:	Tuesday, July 11, 2006 10:36 PM
To:	gfineout@MiamiHerald.com
Cc:	titotitoi2002@hotmail.com; Governor Jeb Bush; jeb@jeb.org
Subject:	[*] Governor's hires under fire

Tuesday, July 11, 2006 click here please. [1]

 

I personally think that the Honorable Governor J.E.B. Bush is one the best Governor Florida ever had. Ladies and Gentlemen if Virginia Governor the Honorable Gov. Timothy M. Kaine can pardon Grace Sherwood from floating in the water why can my Governor help those around him? Ladies and Gentlemen if it wasn’t for Governor J.E.B Bush and a handful of “God Samaritan” I would have drown over 10 yrs ago. Does that make me a son of a Witch? 

 

Dear MARC CAPUTO/GARY FINEOUT/Ladies and Gentlemen I am in desperately need of electrical, plumbing service and the removal of rodents in my kitchen air vent click here please. [1]  Dear MARC CAPUTO/GARY FINEOUT/Ladies and Gentlemen my condo association only covers common areas.  I also tried to purchasing home repair insurance, but the insurance would not cover pre-existing conditions click here please. Dear MARC CAPUTO/GARY FINEOUT/Ladies and Gentlemen I am already repaying a student loan that peaked at over $12 thousands and all I have to show for is the payment book from Sallie Mae. I feel I am paying the national debt all by 

myself. Dear MARC CAPUTO/GARY FINEOUT/Ladies and Gentlemen I trust click here please that your dept will try to do every thing possible to lend me a helping hand in my difficult situation click here please.

 

Dear MARC CAPUTO/GARY FINEOUT/Ladies and Gentlemen between the liens and the special assessments I owe to the bank that holds the deed of the condo the same amount of money I did 10 yrs ago even though I made my payments on time and many times I had to choose whether to pay mortgage payments and condo association fee or to eat. I would be most appreciative if I could be “squeeze” in any program to help me with my electrical, plumbing and rodents removal. Dear MARC CAPUTO/GARY FINEOUT/Ladies and Gentlemen if I am not asking for too much I will need a folding bicycle to fit in my apartment that the roaches, rodents and I share, that is it in desperate need of electrical and plumbing service. I would need the bike so I could exercise my degenerating body and save in gas and automobile expenses. Dear MARC CAPUTO/GARY FINEOUT/Ladies and Gentlemen if you can not help me directly you are welcome to forward this message to someone that could.

 

Regards, David S.S. A.K.A. Witches of Eastwood 2006

P.O. Box 55-7903

Miami, Florida. 33255

Ps. Dear MARC CAPUTO/GARY FINEOUT/Ladies and Gentlemen I hope that every one that is reading this message had a safe happy 4th of July 2006. 

From:	J.L. Harty <immuchbetternow@hotmail.com>
Sent:	Tuesday, July 11, 2006 10:15 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	oversee your counties work

Tuesday night was my displeasure to attend the Winter Haven planning committee for a zoning change off Thompson Nursery Road. Oddly, going into the circus, thoughts of presenting a studious case swaying pro growth minds seemed reachable. After all, a valid case demonstrating land usage should produce logical results. Too bad residents weren’t speaking to logical recipients.

In short, not only was the developer given a green light to build nine massive four story buildings two hundred feet wide, while painting an illusion of similarity between that and two story condo’s like those at Winterset and Lake Ashton but the opposition was silenced. Apparently it is appropriate cut minutes from those who support current zoning laws when not supported by the commission. (Certainly, the commission would neither resort to personal retribution as some fear.)

Adding insult, the developer was permitted further rebuttal not to mention the extensive overage minutes in his prelude. Disingenuous points were cross examined only by the beneficiary, while the status quo remained stifled. Notwithstanding, what could it matter, since the commission clearly made a back room deal preceding the farce.

Some residents claimed payoffs! One resident approached and chided the chair person exclaiming foul! In fairness, perhaps the only deal was the trade off to construct Coon Road in exchange for our demise. Or, it could be as simple as we in the county are represented by those in the city. One thing is for sure..these residents are banding together and don’t seem to be buckling to non representation or possible corruption.

Those from Savannah Point suggest no changes to existing single family housing, no compromises. At least those of us from Hart Lake Hills begged for compromise. Ironically, future battles could result in eliminating all developer gains from an ill conceived nelgect of power. Time will tell. And, the residents don’t mind the time.

J.L. Harty

676 Hart Lake Drive

Winter Haven, Florida 33884

863-325-9196

From:	BHAYDUK@aol.com
Sent:	Tuesday, July 11, 2006 9:07 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Thank You

Governor Bush,
 
I emailed your office late last month regarding a child care situation that my son was experiencing with his two sons.  Mr. Alan Abramowitz responded to me on your behalf
and directed me to Ms. Richelle Holmes with Community Based Care of Brevard.  
 
Ms. Holmes was able to assist us with our situation.  She did so immediately, without reservation and with much kindness.  She immediately knew of a child care program my son qualified for. 
 
I cannot tell you what this means to my son, his boys and me.  The children are able to stay in the safe, familiar child care facility they have been in and my son is able to work knowing they are safe and well cared for and he can afford to keep them there.  We are very much appreciative of the child care program.
 
We thank you, Mr. Abramowitz and Ms. Holmes.  You are our heroes!  
 
Again, Ms. Holmes knew immediately what was available, how long the program would be available to my son and did the necessary paperwork while I was on the phone with her.  When my son went to her office to pick up the paperwork, she came out and spoke with him.  I believe taking the time to come out and speak with him personally was above and beyond her responsibility.  It was exceptional!
 
Prior to contacting your office, I had contacted several agencies in Brevard County.  It appears the employees I had the opportunity to speak with were not aware of a program for this particular situation.  My biggest hurdle in contacting the agencies was the lack of response, it was almost impossible to get anyone to return my phone call.  The fact alone that your office responded is sincerely appreciated.  The outcome of the direction we received is also sincerely appreciated.
 
Thank you and God Bless.
 
Brenda Smith-Hayduk
From:	Kleanthis N. Andreadakis <kleanthis@andreadakisinc.com>
Sent:	Tuesday, July 11, 2006 9:01 PM
To:	'wgkozak'; Governor Jeb Bush; ag@oag.state.fl.us; 'Zane E. Burdette'; 'Lee Grzymala'
Cc:	Sebesta, Jim; Crist, Victor; jeb@jeb.org
Subject:	RE: Stop The Unlawful Regulation Of Interstate Transportation

It's unfortunate that they have TOTALLY IGNORED us.  Aside from the blatantly arrogant actions of these agencies in being aware of these laws but violating them anyhow, they are using quasi-police powers in the enforcement of these acts thus subjecting the counties and the state to further liabilities.  At the end of this week, I'm going to be pushing my cases forward now that I have plenty of evidence and ammunition to do so.  Not only was I arrested and charged, falsely, six different times, only to have all charges dismissed from the system because of the deliberate acts of this agency, but after educating the agency that says it was entrusted to regulate and enforce fairly, I was singled out and witch-hunted into extinction.  And I do not stand alone.  There are others.  And if you remember from Social Studies and American History 101, gentleman and gentlewomen, WE, THE PEOPLE, MAKE UP THE GOVERNMENT.  AND WE THE PEOPLE CAN AND WILL CHANGE THE GOVERNMENT WHEN NECESSARY.
 
Charlie Christ, you should be ashamed of yourself in making an AOG Opinion for the Hillsborough County Public Transportation Commission based solely off the written request of their director.  I'm glad to see that our potential future governor is so ignorant to this issue that a simple letter stating shielded opinions crafted as facts can lead such an individual in high authority to draft an opinion that bears weight, one simply an opinion based on mis-information.  You had your chance when I called your office a dozen times trying to gain your involvement in our dilemmas down here.  You have no excuse - and when the federal courts get a hold of all of this nonsense, I hope it ends up as egg on your face in the media.
 
No one is against regulations.  We are only looking for consistency, equality, and sensibility in the way this industry is regulated.  I'm out of business now because of this agency and yet, I didn't do anything wrong or in violation to deserve that. But they know that they can run you through the mud by using the system against anyone that challenges them.
 
"I have only begun to fight" as so stated.  The more people I tell about what happened to me, the more people I affect and educate.  I spend time with many influential people in my new role and they are very interested to hear how our county and state government has totally sandbagged us.  It's nice to see that our state leaders are so yellow that a local county organization has a leash around their necks and is leading them around like a dog being taken for his morning bathroom break.  This organization is not even abiding by it's own charter, and yet who is going to tell them otherwise?  The county court judges don't have a clue.  The state attorney's office cannot intelligibly explain what this agency does, how, why or how they should prosecute violators.  The sheriff turns a blind eye to the matter citing how it does not involve his agency all the while giving the HCPTC the authority that it so abuses.  And from that point on up the ladder everyone passes the buck and doesn't want to get involved.
 
Does the truth hurt?  Maybe if you guys would come out of your cushy offices long enough to gain some intelligence about the real world and what is really going on then we'd all be little better off.  But no you rely on memos, presentations, statistical analysis, hearings, meetings, conferences, lunch gossip, and so on to make your decisions.  All the while we suffer because we don't have the money to hire lobbyists and do some ass kissing of our own.
 
But then again it's just too easy to hit the DELETE button on this and forget that it ever happened.
 

  _____  

From: wgkozak [mailto:wgkozak@hotmail.com] 
Sent: Sunday, July 09, 2006 8:40 PM
To: Jeb.Bush@MyFlorida.com; ag@oag.state.fl.us; Zane E. Burdette; Lee Grzymala; kleanthis@andreadakisinc.com
Subject: Stop The Unlawful Regulation Of Intrstate Transportation


Stop The Unlawful Restrictions Placed On Intrastate Motor Carriers & The Traveling Consumer!!
 
Fact: Most municipalities in the State of Florida that hold the major transportation hubs that numerous Counties are reliant upon extort monies and restrict intrastate motor carriers from entering to load their prearranged and/or chartered passengers for transportation back home!
 
Fact: Under the influence of political pandering taxi companies, the local municipalities create under color of law, monopolies servicing the major transportation hubs servicing interstate commerce! 
 
Fact: Cab Owners serve as lobbyist for politicos serving as commissioners on business entry level decision boards!
 
Fact: The economic regulatory restrictions placed on intrastate motor carriers are in violation of Federal and Florida Statutes!
 
Fact: Residents in the State of Florida reliant on nonpublic forms of transportation are restricted in travel choices, type of service provisions and geographical limitations due to the States failure to enforce its own laws! 
 
Fact: State Senators Lee, Crist, Sebesta and Fasano have been apprised of this situation numerous times over the past 3 years and have failed to take corrective action! 
 
Send a message to the Governor and the Florida Attorney General that the unlawful restrictions placed on the intrastate motor carrier and the traveling consumers must stop! 
			
From:	ross greybill <ross2vegas@peoplepc.com>
Sent:	Tuesday, July 11, 2006 8:14 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Cc:	APP
Subject:	Fw: Emailing: PURE LOAD OF MANURE, SACK OF LIES
Attachments:	dhs-header-title.jpg; spacer.gif; dhs-advisory-elevated.gif; dhs-header-themes-top.gif; dhs-header-themes-bottom.gif; arrowUpWhiteBgGrey.gif; arrowUpRedBgGrey.gif; dhs-pr-news_by_date.gif; dhs-pr-arrow-white.gif; dhs-tools-printable-btn.gif; dhs-dotted-line-bg.gif; themeTitle_pressRoom.gif; dhs-footer-stripe.gif; bkgd.gif

DHS | Department of Homeland Security | Fact Sheet: Securing Our Nation’s Borders
----- Original Message ----- 
From: ross greybill 
To: ross greybill 
Cc: lou 
Sent: Tuesday, July 11, 2006 7:01 PM
Subject: Emailing: PURE LOAD OF MANURE, SACK OF LIES


LOOK AT ALL THE INCONSISTANT FIGURES??/ESPECIALLY AT THE END..LOL..WHATS HOLDING UP D.H.S. THRU CONGRESS?? LIKE THESE IDIOTS CANT TELL WHOS AN ALIEN??WHAY IN GODS NAME IS WRONG WITH OUR GOVERNMENT?? DEAF, DUMB AND NOW BLIND...
                    
                        Home · Site Map · Contact Us · 
                       
                               
                        Search:     
                   
           
           
                     DHS Organization    Emergencies & Disasters    Travel & Transportation    Immigration & Borders    Research & Technology    Threats & Protection    Working with DHS    Press Room     
           
           
     
             
           Press Room  
             
             
           From the Secretary  
             
             
             
           Press Releases  
             
             
             
           Speeches & Statements  
             
             
             
           Testimony  
             
             
             
           Legislation  
             
             
             
           Press Kit  
             
             
             
           Freedom of Information Act  
             
             
             
           Library  
             
             
             
           En Español  
             
             

           
             
           July 2006  
             
             
             
           June 2006  
             
             
             
           May 2006  
             
             
             
           April 2006  
             
             
             
           March 2006  
             
             
             
           February 2006  
             
             
             
           January 2006  
             
             
             
           December 2005  
             
             
             
           November 2005  
             
             
             
           October 2005  
             
             
             
           September 2005  
             
             
             
           August 2005  
             
             
             
           Archive  
             
             
         
           
           
           
            Press Releases 


      Fact Sheet: Securing Our Nation’s Borders 

      Through the Secure Border Initiative (SBI) and other efforts, DHS is strengthening security along our northern and southern borders through the integrated use of increased manpower and infrastructure, cutting-edge technology, enhanced immigration enforcement, and cooperation with our state, local, and international partners.

      Expanding Infrastructure and Building a Virtual Fence 

      The Administration is constructing new fencing and barriers, and improving and expanding existing infrastructure.  DHS is also using 21st century technology to increase the effectiveness of operations.  The use of radiation detectors, sensors, cameras, and biometric information dramatically increase the likelihood of apprehending criminal or terrorist elements attempting to enter the U.S.  


        a.. Expanding Infrastructure Along the Border:  Where it makes sense, DHS is erecting fencing and barriers to improve security along the border.  The President’s $1.9 billion supplemental request includes $500 million for additional infrastructure including more barriers, lighting, roads, fencing, communications equipment, and new stations and bases along the border.  Infrastructure enhancement is already underway in many areas.  In San Diego, for example, Secretary Chertoff has authorized the expansion and completion of a 14-mile Border Infrastructure System.


        b.. Building a Virtual Fence:  Through SBInet and other efforts, DHS is procuring and deploying a virtual fence along the borders comprised of detection equipment, sensors, cameras, and other high-tech tools.  This improved technology will be integrated with new investments in infrastructure and will greatly increase the apprehension capabilities of the Border Patrol.   





      Increasing Manpower and Assets Along the Borders 

      Since President Bush has taken office, the size and budget of the Border Patrol has increased dramatically and additional agents are being trained and assigned to the northern and southern borders.  


        a.. Increasing the Number of Agents:  By the end of 2008, the number of Border Patrol agents are expected to double since the President took office.  Border security funding has also increased 66%.
        - Agents When the President Took Office: 9,096
        - Agents Today: Approximately 11,600 (a 27% increase)
        - Agents By December 31, 2008: 18,319 (an expected 101% increase) 


        b.. Tripling the Number of Border Patrol Agents Along the Northern Border and Doubling the Number of Inspectors:  The number of agents along the northern border has almost tripled from 340 agents in 2001 to 980 agents today.  Customs and Border Protection (CBP) has also more than doubled the number of inspectors from 1,615 to 3,391.  This increase in manpower improves CBP’s ability to detect, apprehend, and deter illegal aliens, criminal elements, and terrorist threats along the border with Canada.  


        c.. Moving Agents From Administrative Positions to the Field:  With National Guard support, nearly 600 Border Patrol agents along the southern border will be moved from non-law enforcement jobs and be made available for border operations, apprehensions, and interdictions. 





      Enhancing Immigration Enforcement 

      Since President Bush took office, millions of illegal aliens have been apprehended and returned, funding for interior enforcement has grown dramatically, and the policy of “catch and release” is being replaced with “catch and return.”  



        a.. Getting Results:  Since President Bush took office, agents have apprehended and sent home more than 6 million people entering the country illegally – including more than 400,000 with criminal records.   





      Launching Joint Operations 

      In conjunction with federal, state, and local partners, and as part of the broader border security strategy, DHS has launched major operations to target violent street gangs and other criminal elements within our communities.  



        a.. Operation Community Shield:  Launched in March 2005, Community Shield targets violent gangs across the country that pose a threat to our communities and present concerns for national security.  Since its inception, Operation Community Shield has resulted in the arrest of more than 3,100 gang members from more than 300 different gangs. 


        - Operation Return to Sender:  In the largest operation of its kind in US history, ICE agents and officers apprehended approximately 2,200 criminal aliens, illegal alien gang members, fugitive aliens, and other immigration status violators as part of a nationwide interior immigration enforcement effort.  Roughly half of the individuals arrested had criminal records, and roughly 370 were members or associates of violent street gangs, including Mara Salvatrucha (MS-13).  



      Supporting State and Local Partners 

      By providing additional funding and training, the Administration is strengthening its partnerships and coordination with state and local authorities.  



        a.. Providing $65 Million in State and Local Assistance:  DHS is working with state and local partners to expand targeted immigration enforcement activities.  $50 million is being requested for the expansion of training for these authorities.   ICE will provide training for up to 1,500 local law enforcement officers to bolster border security efforts.  $15 million will also be provided for Operation Stonegarden, which can be used by border states for operational overtime, National Guard deployments, and other border security related activities.     


      Deploying the National Guard to Provide Support 

      The National Guard will support and assist DHS’ security efforts, particularly with the Border Patrol as their new agents are trained and added.  


        a.. Coordinating with Governors:  The Administration is coordinating with governors for the deployment of up to 6,000 National Guardsmen to the southern border. 
        b.. Role of the Guard:   National Guard units will assist DHS by operating surveillance systems, analyzing intelligence, installing fences and vehicle barriers, building patrol roads, and providing training.  Apprehensions and detention operations will be conducted by DHS. 
        c.. Duration of the Guard’s Deployment:  The initial National Guard deployment would last for a period of up to two years and will be reduced in the second year as new Border Patrol agents and new technologies come online.   


      Overcoming Significant Obstacles Blocking Immigration Enforcement 

      Several major obstacles are blocking DHS’ efforts to apprehend and return illegal migrants.  The Department is working with Congress and through legal avenues to overcome them.



        a.. Aiding Employers in Detecting Social Security Number Fraud:  Each year, hundreds of thousands of Social Security numbers are reported by the Social Security Administration (SSA) as registering a “no-match”.  DHS has issued a proposed regulation that describes an employer’s current obligations under the immigration laws, and its options for avoiding liability, after receiving a no-match letter from either SSA or DHS.  But this is only part of the solution.  We also need to give our Immigration and Customs Enforcement agents a better way to determine which employers are habitually using or providing fraudulent Social Security information.  One way to do that is by giving our agents sufficient access to “no match” data.  DHS is working closely with Congress on the passage of meaningful legislation that will improve our ability to find potential immigration fraud.  The Department will also permit I-9 records to be kept electronically, which will enable employers and investigators to more accurately investigate potential problems.   




       ###

      June 29, 2006


      
           


                  Home   ·   FAQs   ·   Contact Us   ·   Privacy Policy   ·   FOIA   ·   Linking to DHS.gov
                  No FEAR   ·   Terms of Use   ·   FirstGov   ·   Accessibility   ·   Site Map   
                  DHS Agencies   
           
           
            U.S. Department of Homeland Security 
     



--------------------------------------------------------------------------------


No virus found in this incoming message.
Checked by AVG Free Edition.
Version: 7.1.394 / Virus Database: 268.9.10/384 - Release Date: 7/10/2006
From:	Peter Christian <peterjchristian@yahoo.com>
Sent:	Tuesday, July 11, 2006 8:12 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	[*] PRIORITY ONE   EAGLE ONE   URGENT PLEASE !

MR. PRESIDENT...at your request in love and respect you are in my prayers sir! about your first term in office ...we shared many things to come ...in the very near future... to God be all the glory and in jesus name.the ( predictions) ... when friends become enemies like  putin and  bin laden...billions given from anmerica and billions now being used against us,tax payers money! Russia our best friend selling dirty bombs secretly to bin laden and friends to use against us in the near future... be aware ! Russia rallying (the red)... back in unity again... puttin becoming a dictator...  china korea and the middle east also  back... together again and powerful !  about planes trains and boats and the cuban missile crisis and a show down with president kennedy... be aware ! How long did it take secretly... for the cubans to be a world threat and to america with the russias help... almost over night ....hello! after we get done laffing at north korea for falling short of america could they take us totally my surprise with some help from the russians secretly... in the near future hello! Remember when we invaded Iraq we charged in the front door and 40 trucks in a very long convoy left by the back door with everything aboard and no one listened to God... that they did this... until years later hello! When the stuff saddam didnt have... started to be found... hello !  the game is called cat and mouse cat and mouse... and the russians are not bad at it either  years and years and years of experience   Oh ! what was putins old job before he became president of russia...Be prepared with real  awareness... realization ...  wisdom...  readiness for any thing have a plan a and plan b and alot of help from God or alot of real estate will be lost in america... in a twikling of an eye !!!  also plan for all kinds of warfare... remember this was suggested  we need to come together in america and soon  we need some real help  like... psalms 91 psalms 23 psalms 37!!! and alot of prayer and soon ... some thing to think about and very soon !!!  your friend peter joseph christian

  _____  

Want to be your own boss? Learn how on Yahoo! Small Business. 
From:	Peter Christian <peterjchristian@yahoo.com>
Sent:	Tuesday, July 11, 2006 8:11 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	PRIORITY ONE   EAGLE ONE   URGENT PLEASE !

MR. PRESIDENT...at your request in love and respect you are in my prayers sir! about your first term in office ...we shared many things to come ...in the very near future... to God be all the glory and in jesus name.the ( predictions) ... when friends become enemies like  putin and  bin laden...billions given from anmerica and billions now being used against us,tax payers money! Russia our best friend selling dirty bombs secretly to bin laden and friends to use against us in the near future... be aware ! Russia rallying (the red)... back in unity again... puttin becoming a dictator...  china korea and the middle east also  back... together again and powerful !  about planes trains and boats and the cuban missile crisis and a show down with president kennedy... be aware ! How long did it take secretly... for the cubans to be a world threat and to america with the russias help... almost over night ....hello! after we get done laffing at north korea for falling short of america could they take us totally my surprise with some help from the russians secretly... in the near future hello! Remember when we invaded Iraq we charged in the front door and 40 trucks in a very long convoy left by the back door with everything aboard and no one listened to God... that they did this... until years later hello! When the stuff saddam didnt have... started to be found... hello !  the game is called cat and mouse cat and mouse... and the russians are not bad at it either  years and years and years of experience   Oh ! what was putins old job before he became president of russia...Be prepared with real  awareness... realization ...  wisdom...  readiness for any thing have a plan a and plan b and alot of help from God or alot of real estate will be lost in america... in a twikling of an eye !!!  also plan for all kinds of warfare... remember this was suggested  we need to come together in america and soon  we need some real help  like... psalms 91 psalms 23 psalms 37!!! and alot of prayer and soon ... some thing to think about and very soon !!!  your friend peter joseph christian

  _____  

Do you Yahoo!?
Get on board. You're invited to try the new Yahoo! Mail Beta.
From:	Mr. Buzz C <jcarey@se.rr.com>
Sent:	Tuesday, July 11, 2006 7:41 PM
To:	wbland@greencovesprings.com; Governor Jeb Bush; gruss@aol.com
Cc:	ascott@greencovesprings.com; tperry@greencovesprings.com; ckennison@greencovesprings.com; cjett@greencovesprings.com; dbowles@greencovesprings.com; councilmemberricks@greencovesprings.com; sweaver@greencovesprings.com; rmusco@greencovesprings.com
Subject:	Regarding WTLV TV 12's Story, Green Cove Springs Police: "Not Into Quotas."

Importance:	High

Hello to Green Cove Springs--
At present I'm debating with myself on whether to include Police Lieutenant W. Bland onto my 'Tin Star Maggots' sub-site of BuzzC's Spot.
What do y'all think?  Should he be listed there?  This is in regards to his issuing an "unlawful" order (memo, whatever you want to call it, it's one and the same thing though).  
 
This is also in regards to WTLV Channel 12's wonderful "on the ball" news story posted upon their website here:
http://www.firstcoastnews.com/news/local/news-article.aspx?storyid=60840
 
The Chief of Police has admitted the Lieutenant used a poor choice of words in said memo.  
 
I feel some type of reprimand needs to be taken against Lt Bland, and not just a verbal one!  He should be suspended WITHOUT pay for a minimum of one day.  Barring being this harsh than an "official WRITTEN reprimand" needs to be placed within his personnel folder.  Said reprimand CANNOT be removed for at least two years time.
 
Please get back to me on what you've decided.  You have until Close of Business, Friday, July 14th, 2006 to do so to avoid his name and description of his offense being posted to 'Tin Star Maggots.'
 
Thank you very much,
Julius B. Carey (BuzzC)
Columbia County, Florida USA
 
~ BuzzC's Spot ~
http://home.bellsouth.net/p/PWP-buzzcareysinfo
 
"I Am A Proud Descendant Of A Confederate Soldier."
From:	aDiveley2006@aol.com
Sent:	Tuesday, July 11, 2006 7:14 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	thanks

jeb this is anthony diveley im never going to forget what you done for me for letting me out of chatahoochee center in florida you probably think im kidding you will become the president of this nation some day im going to tell the whole nation that your the right person to run this nation someday have a great evening...
From:	Kensinger-Clark, Sheila M CTR USA J2 (Northrop Grumman) <sheila.clark@korea.army.mil>
Sent:	Tuesday, July 11, 2006 7:03 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	RE: Florida Residency for Military . . .

Thanks . . . due to problems in the world, my husband and I cannot retire yet and according to your email I must wait until we return to Florida.  Thanks again.

  _____  

From: Governor Jeb Bush [mailto:Jeb.Bush@MyFlorida.com] 
Sent: Wednesday, July 12, 2006 5:26 AM
To: Kensinger-Clark, Sheila M CTR USA J2 (Northrop Grumman)
Subject: RE: Florida Residency for Military . . .



 

Thank you for your e-mail to Governor Bush requesting information on establishing residency in Florida.  Whether one is considered a Florida resident may vary depending on the purpose--for example, tax reasons versus claiming in-state tuition rates for our universities.  Therefore, I cannot give you complete information in this letter.

 

Chapter 222.17, Florida Statutes, pertains to Florida domicile.  Not only can a copy of this law be obtained in Florida's libraries, out-of-state residents can often read the statute at any law school, obtain it through interlibrary loan, or access it on the internet.

 

You can also contact the Clerk of the Court in the county where you want to live for certain information.  The Clerk can provide you with the necessary form to declare residency for certain purposes.  You must first, however, live in Florida to make the declaration.

 

Thank you for writing, and I hope the information I have provided is helpful.  I also want to take this opportunity to thank you for your service to our country.
 
Sincerely,
 

Rex T. Newman

-----Original Message-----
From: Kensinger-Clark, Sheila M CTR USA J2 (Northrop Grumman) [mailto:sheila.clark@korea.army.mil]
Sent: Tuesday, June 27, 2006 11:51 PM
To: Governor Jeb Bush
Subject: Florida Residency for Military . . .


Gov. Bush:
 
My husband and I met and married in Orlando (1992) while we were both stationed there.  My husband is still active duty and a Florida resident (driver's license and votes).  I discharged from the military in Tampa (1993) and our family was reassigned to Maryland.  Since I needed to work, I was required to become a Maryland resident to do so.  We are planning to return to Florida after my spouse retires from the Army, but for now we are overseas serving in Korea (I'm a contractor).  Our truck is with a friend in Tampa and we continue to keep up the Florida registration and insurance.  
 
I'm tired of changing my residency and would like to begin preparing for our retirement . . . how can I become a Florida resident before leaving Korea?  Can I register to vote or change my driver's license from here?  Any guidance would be greatly appreciated.
 
 

Respectfully,

Sheila M. Kensinger-Clark

sheila.clark@korea.army.mil

krc_enterprises@hotmail.com

 

 

 

 

From:	Elwoodboz@aol.com
Sent:	Tuesday, July 11, 2006 6:30 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Please vote for this!

 
From:	Marina Rodriguez <marina420@bellsouth.net>
Sent:	Tuesday, July 11, 2006 6:02 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	You and John MCcain

Jeb Bush,
 
Do not have any illusions that you will be Vice President, first, because John MCcain will not get anywhere, because whoever approves the illegals, is the biggest enemy the americans have. Besides, there have been too much Bush, to finish with the americans, they have broken america into pieces. So we are looking for other options, that have nothing to do with Bush or the Republicans.
From:	ross greybill <ross2vegas@peoplepc.com>
Sent:	Tuesday, July 11, 2006 5:07 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Cc:	APP
Subject:	Fw: Emailing: THIS IS SO INSANE??WHERE IS THE MEDIA?
Attachments:	presnotoFR-vi.jpg; 3noose-med.jpg

 
----- Original Message ----- 
From: ross greybill 
To: Michael Bruning 
Cc: ross greybill 
Sent: Tuesday, July 11, 2006 2:52 PM
Subject: Emailing: THIS IS SO INSANE??WHERE IS THE MEDIA?

 
Free Republic
Home · Browse · Search 	Pings · Mail 	News/Activism
Topics · Post Article 	
  _____  


Skip to comments. 

2006 Q3 FReepathon. Target: $68,000	 Receipts & Pledges to-date: $23,250	
34%	  	
Thank you all very much!!	

LA Times Op-Ed Condemns USA for Deporting . . . Violent Criminal Illegals
LA Times/NewsBusters ^ | Mark Finkelstein


Posted on 07/11/2006 12:02:47 PM PDT by governsleastgovernsbest


by Mark Finkelstein 

July 11, 2006 - 14:53 

Just when you thought the arguments of the pro-illegal immigrant crowd couldn't get any more preposterous . . . Now, the United States is being condemned for deporting illegal aliens who are violent, hardened criminals, members of homicidal street gangs. 

The Los Angeles Times saw fit to allot some of its precious op-ed space today to this column by Ricardo Pollack [pictured here], who, we are told is a "documentary director and producer. His film, '18 with a Bullet,' airs tonight on KCET as part of PBS' 'Wide Angle' series." PBS, eh? Your tax dollars at work! 

Pollack argues that gang violence in San Salvador, El Salvador has burgeoned due to the US policy of deporting gang members from Los Angeles who are illegal aliens. Pollack tells the story of 'Duke', "who was deported from the U.S. after being convicted of a criminal offense — in his case, robbery. Although he had lived most of his life in Los Angeles, he was never a citizen. As soon as he got into trouble with the law, he was deported to the country where he was born but that he hardly knew." 

Never a citizen? Is Pollack implying Duke had a green card but never got around to taking the oath? Come on, Ricardo - Duke was an illegal. He was deported "as soon as he got into trouble with the law." Really? I'd like to think so, but I'll bet you dollars to donuts the robbery that led to his deportation wasn't Duke's first brush with the law. 

Continues Pollack: "Duke helped set up 18th Street in El Salvador, a country awash in weapons from a decades-old civil war but without the means to deal with U.S.-trained gang members." So the USA should keep Duke and his compadres and let them commit mayhem here because we have "the means" to deal with gangs? Are you crazy? 

And later: "The problem is far more complex than the authorities claim." It always is for liberals. 

And finally: "As long as the U.S. continues to deport hardened criminals to countries that can't deal with them . . . then El Salvador will remain one of the world's most violent places." 

Sorry, Ricardo, sorry, El Salvador, but the US officials who deport these violent thugs are sworn to uphold the laws and defend the interests of . . the US.


  _____  

TOPICS: Constitution/Conservatism; Crime/Corruption; Culture/Society; Foreign Affairs; News/Current Events; Click to Add Topic
KEYWORDS: ALIENS; DEPORTATION; ELSALVADOR; GANGS; ILLEGALALIENS; IMMIGRANTLIST; LATIMES; PBS; Click to Add Keyword 
  _____  

 
Donate Here By Secure Server 

Or mail checks to 

FreeRepublic, LLC 
PO BOX 9771 
FRESNO, CA 93794

or you can use 

PayPal at Jimrob@psnw.com 
STOP BY AND BUMP THE FUNDRAISER THREAD. 
It is in the breaking news sidebar! 

  _____  

[ Report Abuse | Bookmark ]
  _____  


1 posted on 07/11/2006 12:02:50 PM PDT by governsleastgovernsbest 
[ Post Reply | Private Reply | View Replies | Report Abuse ]
  _____  

To: Behind Liberal Lines; Miss Marple; an amused spectator; netmilsmom; Diogenesis; YaYa123; MEG33; ...

LA Times/NewsBusters money-back-if-not-completely-outraged ping to Today show list.


2 posted on 07/11/2006 12:03:52 PM PDT by governsleastgovernsbest (Watching the Today Show Since 2002 So You Don't Have To.) 
[ Post Reply | Private Reply | To 1 | View Replies | Report Abuse ]
  _____  

To: governsleastgovernsbest

Sigh. The absurdness never ceases to amaze me.


3 posted on 07/11/2006 12:05:53 PM PDT by cpanter 
[ Post Reply | Private Reply | To 1 | View Replies | Report Abuse ]
  _____  

To: governsleastgovernsbest
Insanity. 

Liberals: Violent felon illegal immigrants' best friend.


4 posted on 07/11/2006 12:06:54 PM PDT by Lazamataz (Isalm is a perversion of faith, a lie against human spirit, an obscenity shouted in the face of G_d) 
[ Post Reply | Private Reply | To 1 | View Replies | Report Abuse ]
  _____  

To: governsleastgovernsbest

Check out the Homies here http://www.xv3gang.com/. 

WARNING site contains some graphic links.


5 posted on 07/11/2006 12:09:29 PM PDT by Jimmy Valentine's brother (The Ku Klux Klan - terrorist wing of the Democratic Party) 
[ Post Reply | Private Reply | To 1 | View Replies | Report Abuse ]
  _____  

To: 1_Inch_Group; 2sheep; 2Trievers; 3AngelaD; 3pools; 3rdcanyon; 4Freedom; 4ourprogeny; 7.62 x 51mm; ..

ping


6 posted on 07/11/2006 12:14:14 PM PDT by gubamyster 
[ Post Reply | Private Reply | To 1 | View Replies | Report Abuse ]
  _____  

To: cpanter
I heard a piece on Canadian radio a few years ago saying Caribbean nations were complaining
that Canada was sending illegals back that learned how to be violent in the US and Canada.

7 posted on 07/11/2006 12:15:18 PM PDT by Calvin Locke 
[ Post Reply | Private Reply | To 3 | View Replies | Report Abuse ]
  _____  

To: governsleastgovernsbest
The writer is correct. I really was beginning to think I had "heard it all", but this one is a chart buster. This is, to date, the most incredible claim yet!

Oh, thanks for your service in that "Today" show thingy. Your stomach is certainly stronger than mine. When I try to watch, my blood pressure goes up at least 20 points.

8 posted on 07/11/2006 12:16:02 PM PDT by singfreedom ("Victory at all costs,.......for without victory there is no survival."--Churchill--that's "Winston") 
[ Post Reply | Private Reply | To 2 | View Replies | Report Abuse ]
  _____  

To: governsleastgovernsbest
 One of the best tools available for dealing with criminal gangs is also one of the simplest.

9 posted on 07/11/2006 12:16:34 PM PDT by Vigilanteman (crime would drop like a sprung trapdoor if we brought back good old-fashioned hangings) 
[ Post Reply | Private Reply | To 2 | View Replies | Report Abuse ]
  _____  

To: governsleastgovernsbest

I see. The gang members in El Salvador migrate here. Then they committ the same kinds of crime they were committing in El Salvador. Then we deport them back to El Salvador. So, we are at fault for sending the problem back to where it came from. 

Aren't our fabulously wealthy taxpayers just brutal to El Salvador, for not assuming El Salvador's burdens for them!!! Heartless gringos that we are.


10 posted on 07/11/2006 12:16:39 PM PDT by Wuli 
[ Post Reply | Private Reply | To 1 | View Replies | Report Abuse ]
  _____  

To: governsleastgovernsbest
"As long as the U.S. continues to deport hardened criminals to countries that can't deal with them . . . then El Salvador will remain one of the world's most violent places." 

Does El Salvador have to allow these criminals to go free? Would US convictions extend to El Salvador? I would have NO problem with the US deporting convicted illegal aliens and paying to imprison them in their home country for the duration of the sentence. That would be vastly cheaper than housing them in prisons here, then deporting them. El Salvador would happily welcome these criminals back if they came with a stipend.....


11 posted on 07/11/2006 12:18:54 PM PDT by Onelifetogive (Freerepublic - The website where "Freepers" is not in the spell checker dictionary...) 
[ Post Reply | Private Reply | To 1 | View Replies | Report Abuse ]
  _____  

To: gubamyster

And the Slimes wonders why they have to offer their rag at rock-bottom prices...


12 posted on 07/11/2006 12:24:22 PM PDT by janetgreen 
[ Post Reply | Private Reply | To 6 | View Replies | Report Abuse ]
  _____  

To: governsleastgovernsbest

Of course. The times wants more crime so that American society can be further divided. See my user name for my opinion on the left.


13 posted on 07/11/2006 12:28:09 PM PDT by Leftism is Mentally Deranged (Leftism="liberalism"=socialism="progressivism"=brain of a flatworm) 
[ Post Reply | Private Reply | To 1 | View Replies | Report Abuse ]
  _____  

To: governsleastgovernsbest
We deport them and they turn around and reenter the country.

They should serve hard time, then deport them.

14 posted on 07/11/2006 12:30:16 PM PDT by Vinnie 
[ Post Reply | Private Reply | To 1 | View Replies | Report Abuse ]
  _____  

To: governsleastgovernsbest

I cannot put into words how glad I am to be out of Kalifornia, and especially Southern Kalifornia. 

When there is complete rioting in the streets, I will understand. The middle class whites are being pushed into a corner and there is going to be payback someday.


15 posted on 07/11/2006 12:35:48 PM PDT by ridesthemiles 
[ Post Reply | Private Reply | To 1 | View Replies | Report Abuse ]
  _____  

To: governsleastgovernsbest

I wonder how he would react if, instead of deporting the "U.S.-trained gang members", we executed them. Somehow, I think he would be rather upset.


16 posted on 07/11/2006 12:37:09 PM PDT by Talking_Mouse (Indeed I tremble for my country when I reflect that God is just... Thomas Jefferson) 
[ Post Reply | Private Reply | To 1 | View Replies | Report Abuse ]
  _____  

To: governsleastgovernsbest

Not our problem. They can deal with their own citizen criminals as they see fit.


17 posted on 07/11/2006 12:41:36 PM PDT by Bikers4Bush (Flood waters rising, heading for more conservative ground. Vote for true conservatives!) 
[ Post Reply | Private Reply | To 1 | View Replies | Report Abuse ]
  _____  

To: ridesthemiles
I am happy that some are catching on. The LAPD estimates that there are 30 thousand gang members in la. county. The good folks in cabbage falls can no longer hide from this , and continue to call some of us paranoid nativists.

18 posted on 07/11/2006 12:41:59 PM PDT by fantom 
[ Post Reply | Private Reply | To 15 | View Replies | Report Abuse ]

Disclaimer: Opinions posted on Free Republic are those of the individual posters and do not necessarily represent the opinion of Free Republic or its management. All materials posted herein are protected by copyright law and the exemption for fair use of copyrighted works. 

Free Republic
Home · Browse · Search 	Pings · Mail 	News/Activism
Topics · Post Article 	
  _____  

FreeRepublic, LLC, PO BOX 9771, FRESNO, CA 93794 
FreeRepublic.com is powered by software copyright 2000-2003 Robinson-DeFehr Consulting, LLC. 

  _____  

No virus found in this incoming message.
Checked by AVG Free Edition.
Version: 7.1.394 / Virus Database: 268.9.10/384 - Release Date: 7/10/2006

From:	CUDAC123@aol.com
Sent:	Tuesday, July 11, 2006 5:04 PM
To:	WilliaRo@dor.state.fl.us
Cc:	Lt. Governor Toni Jennings; Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Child Support Case

Hi, I have been trying to resolve my child support issues through your office (Marion County child support enforcement) office with no success. I have been attempting to work out some sort of arrangement through your office since 2005. My court ordered obligation is $20.00 per week which is all arrearages as there is no order for current support as my daughter turned 18 in 1999 and became emancipated when she married on 10/30/2000. The women in your office seem to find their authority quite ammusing. She said she can see where they agreed to take $2500 in 2005, but as she was laughing she said I am now going to raise it to $3000 down and $70 per week. She had stated today that she has the right to change a court ordered amount for child support to whatever she wants to change it to. She said that July 1st, 2004 they had changed the law that gave her this right. She said it was in FS chapter 61. I spoke to a women named Raynita in Tallahassee and they said I am exempt from this law as my daughter was emanicapted before July 1, 2004. I have filed a complaint against your office. Something has to be done regarding the manner in which your office is handling individual cases. I am sure these women have no law background and they are able to make decisions that should only be ordered by a judge. There should be a set standard for this type of thing, not just any amount of money they feel like setting. There has to be a better way. I was not contacted regarding my child support issues at all until I tried to work out arrangements myself. This led to my license being suspended and me being threatened with contempt of court. I could see if this was done in this manner when my daughter was a minor but now that she has been on her own for some time and I am trying to pay my debts with a down payment I can afford you should accept this as this is the amount the court ordered. I am contacting the states attorney, the governors office, and the Lt. Governor. I am going to continue contacting everyone I can think of until I get something resolved. I also have a call into my ex wife as Im sure she will love to hear that I have been trying to pay her some sort of down payment and my weekly obligation that she agreed to in court, but you will not accept this. Im sure she would agree that something is better than nothing. If I do not get some sort of agreement worked out, I will have my girlfriends attorney contact you. I do understand that I have not been able to keep up my end of this obligation in the past as I have been very sick for some time but am now trying to get things straightened out and am trying to find employment. I will probably have to be retrained at another career but I cannot do anything until this is resolved. You may leave me no choice but to file for disability as the condition I do have is a permanent and confirmed disability on the Social Security website. Please contact me as soon as possible about my case. I can be reached @352-854-6765. Thank you Tom Gross SS#([REDACTED]) 
From:	Ken McClelland <iwrote1@yahoo.com>
Sent:	Tuesday, July 11, 2006 4:39 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Brevard County Tax Collector unfair labor practices

07-11-06
 
Dear Governor,
 
Tax Collectors have always been given a bad rap, though the truth is that many times it’s been justified. But the employees at the Brevard County Florida Tax Collectors Office under Rod Northcutt are a good bunch of people, there to serve you whenever you need your license plate renewed or to get a fishing license or a host of other county and state required documents. And they do so in spite of being yelled at by customers who want something done that cannot be accomplished because they brought the wrong information in or want to pay with a check that does not even have the customers name on it.
 
Yet they are often derided as being lazy, uncooperative, or other such derogatory terms by irate customers upset at having to wait in line like everybody else. These county workers serve our citizens with a smile despite being coughed upon and sneezed at by the sick and even inadvertently spat upon by some of the angry people who come to their stations huffing and puffing with unsigned out of state car registrations, bogus checks, or forged signatures. They serve with pride and professionalism and even force a smile while otherwise normal, grandmotherly, professional, and even religious people of the community, approach them with all the manners and vocabulary of a drunken sailor 
 
But there’s another problem at the Brevard County Tax Collectors office, and it starts at the very top. Employees were told a couple of years ago by one of Rod Northcutt’s ‘Generals’ that the employees needed to have a weeks ‘leave time’ on reserve that they weren’t allowed to use. Before this mandate any employee who had a week of earned leave could go on vacation with their families or take time off to care for a sick loved one. But wait a minute, was that rule in the employee handbook? Well actually they were never given an employee handbook and such a rule never existed before this, in fact, they still do not have a book of rules or guidelines for employees to follow (UPDATE: On May 1st 2006 Rod Northcutt issued the employees their first handbook after threats of unionizing by employees). The rules at the Brevard County Tax Collectors Office are made up as they go along by Rod Northcutt or his next in command. Anyone with less than 40 hours was immediately subject to being disciplined. And guess what, several people were disciplined as the new rule even became retroactive. People that had been on vacation or were sick in the hospital were disciplined for using their time off - BEFORE - this rule ever was issued. Imagine showing up for your job in a blue suit and your boss suddenly announcing that everyone wearing blue will be immediately fired, well that’s a parallel to what happened to Tax Collector employees. A year later the Tax Collectors office announced a new rule regarding earned leave time. Employees must now have 80 hours of leave time that they will not be allowed to use. It is their time though, as granted to them by their hours and years of service, they just aren’t allowed to use it for fear of losing their jobs. Who in the real world would like to be told that they weren’t allowed to use two weeks of their vacation time or sick leave that they’d legally earned? At the Tax Collectors office you have no choice or you risk losing your job. (Update; after seeing that Unions might be calling him to task about these unfair labor practices Rod Northcutt is talking of changing this unfair leave time policy).
 
What is the measure of a man or the substance of his character? If you were the man in charge of the Brevard County Tax Collectors Office, Rod Northcutt, your character would likely get you visited by three ghosts during the holidays. After much complaining about low wages by county workers in his office, a study was done to compare wages of Brevard County Tax Collector employees with that of other Florida counties. Trouble started immediately. To make it look like Rod wasn’t so cheap in the wages he was offering, certain positions in his organization were ‘hidden’ from the study – perhaps because those positions were nearing the $100,000 per year pay range while the worker bees who do the actual work earn in the low to mid twenties.
 
Yet after the study Rod Northcutt decided to relent and tossed a few pennies out of his dusty old change purse when he showered his hourly employees with a twenty cent raise, which amounts to less than a 2% increase. But what about him? What kind of a raise does Mister Northcutt or his upper management get? He won’t say how large of an increase his $140k + per year job demands or how the raises for his upper level managers are determined - or if he would ever settle for such an insulting amount of 2 % or less.
 
How about employees not in the upper echelon or inner sanctum? It’s still unclear as a lot of secrecy still abounds with this miserly Tax Collector. What has been suspected and confirmed however, is that good old boy Rod Northcutt does pay some of his employees better than others – oh, but did I mention that those employees just happen to be men. Yes that’s right, the Brevard County Tax Collector who tossed a dime and a penny at ‘his girls,’ pays some of his male employees more money for doing the same job as the women do. (Note: this may have recently been changed to cover his butt as he must know this is illegal under Federal Wage Laws to name but one law).
 
But wait a minute, the Tax Collector can’t be all that bad can he? During the holidays Rod Northcutt proved the extent of his generosity. This past Christmas or 2006, Ebenezer Northcutt came waltzing through one of the Tax Collector branch offices and announced to everyone that he managed to save $2,000,000 dollars of the budget allotted to his office – of which he was going to send it back. And to show how much he appreciated those employees for all the hard work they did that made him look so good, he gave them all a Christmas bonus to warm them during the holidays. No, not a lump of coal for the fire as you might expect - he gave them a $2 dollar coffee mug from his office.
 
 -------------------------------
 
Please look into what wage laws, EEOC violations, unfair labor practices, or other laws this tyrant may have broken because Brevard County seems to be shielding him - or themselves. I can't get further involved because I don't want someone on the inside of this story to lose their job in retaliation. Rod Northcutt has responded to the talks of unionizing by threatening to do away with all of their jobs and has gotten his attorney involved. It’s time for this arrogant man to retire or be removed from his ivory tower.
 
A Concerned Citizen
 

  _____  

Do you Yahoo!?
Get on board. You're invited to try the new Yahoo! Mail Beta.
From:	Jack Atkins <jackatkins@australiaonline.net.au>
Sent:	Tuesday, July 11, 2006 4:27 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	IMPORTANT CURE
Attachments:	Atkins Bipolar Cure 1.pdf

 
From:	Sid Kleiner <skleiner@comcast.net>
Sent:	Tuesday, July 11, 2006 4:43 PM
To:	McDonough, Jim
Cc:	info@fdle.state.fl.us; Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	RE: Michael Larner, #P08840---INM ATE RECEIVES BEATING ORDERED BY CORRECTIONAL OFFICER!

  

 Sid Kleiner, President 

Beth Tikvah Jewish Prisoner Outreach
Serving Florida’s Jewish Inmates & Their Loved Ones
10188 Winterview Drive
Naples, FL  34109-1520

Phone:  239-591-2649, FAX: 239-566-7702-E-mail: bethtikvah@comcast.net


Please Visit Our Website: bethtikvahjpo.org


An IRS-Approved, Not-For-Profit Corporation 

July 11th, 2006
 

James McDonough, Secretary,

Florida Department of Corrections
Florida Department of Law Enforcement
Governor Jeb Bush
Walt Murphree, FDOC Inspector General
Tallahassee, FL 
 
Secretary.McDonough@mail.dc.state.fl.us
E-Mail: info@fdle.state.fl.us
 
RE: Michael Larner, #P08840
Hendry Correctional Institution

12551 Wainwright Drive


Immokalee, Florida 34142-4797

 
Dear Concerned State Officials:
 
I had the opportunity to visit with inmate Michael Larner this morning. Michael promptly showed me that the left side of his face was bruised. Elevating his trouser cuffs revealed visible trauma to the calf area. This unwarranted attack occurred between 6:30 and 7:00 PM on Friday, July 7th, 2006. 
 
When I inquired about who was responsible for this apparent beating, Michael explained that Corrections Officer Thesson had ordered three of his inmate thugs to go over and beat Michael Larner. Then I inquired as to the reason for this beating. Without hesitation, Michael revealed that because Larner had revealed the previous attack to higher authorities a beating was in order. How did Larner know that the attack was an order from C.O. Thesson? Very simple! He heard Thesson bragging about ordering his thugs into action with his own ears! Purely and simply, this was retaliation because an inmate “blew the whistle” about being attacked and threatened by Corrections Officer Thesson. How dare a lowly inmate challenge the authority they have in their domain!
 
It is my understanding that the FDOC has rules and regulations regarding retaliation. It is also my understanding that staff-ordered beatings are not a facet of the rehabilitation rituals. All too many officers have made it a point to threaten those who dare to protest abuse, harassment, bogus disciplinary reports, beatings, retaliation and other forms unacceptable conduct.
 
For the safety, survival and good of all concerned, please advise C.O. Thesson that he is obligated to adhere to the rules, just as those in his custody must do. The Florida Department of Corrections is not run by those who believe in anarchy and lawlessness. There are rules and guidelines that apply to all who are in the corrections orbit. Treating people with dignity and respect, refraining from beatings and threats, following the rules and conducting one’s self with professional demeanor---these are requisite and laudable qualities for all human beings when interacting with others.
 
I respectfully request that Officer Thesson conduct his duties in a manner that is consistent with FDOC rules, regulations and guidelines. It would appear that the man needs some anger management therapy too!
 
In appreciation and with thanks,
Sid Kleiner
SKLEINER@COMCAST.NET        
 
From:	Gail Becker <kekelolo4@hotmail.com>
Sent:	Tuesday, July 11, 2006 4:35 PM
To:	Jack_Moss@dcf.state.fl.us
Cc:	James_Walker@sheriff.org
Subject:	[*] abuse update against my daughter

Dear Mr. Moss:

I had to return home from New York where I went to care for my elderly great aunt, after my daughter called me to inform me that her father was rubbing her virgina. I asked why didn't she call 911 because nothing happens when I report his abuses on her. I told her she is old enough to call 911 herself now because they don't listen to me. She is afraid to defend herself. She said her father told her he was putting cream on her rash. I then spoke to him, and that was his excuse. He then begins describing how much pubic hair she has, I NEARLY FAINTED! I had to pay extra money to get a flight out immediately to get home. My daughter continued to call me to come and get her. When I picked her up she began to tell me how much she hates her father. I have been warned by my ex-husband's neighbors to be careful in Cooper City because when there is an incident between Blacks and Whites the police always sides with the Whites. I didn't believe it before, but I am starting to believe it now because my daughter has gone through: being forced to sleep in her father's bed while he slept naked and she wakes up red and later a rash around her virgina; her father has hit her with a belt and left a red mark; neighbors hearing her scream through her window and call 911; my daughter running away from home and attempting suicide; cigarette burn on her hand after Judge Luzzo ordered her father not to smoke in her presence; she is dropped off to me with a black eye and bruise on her face; I am awaken in the middle of the night with her screaming that her father slapped her in the face; she is now hurting kids at school where one incident the kid ended up going to the hospital with a spranged arm and the parents threatening to file charges at the advice of the Cooper City school police; she is searching online for pornographic material because her father has exposed her to it, and Detective Gainey at the Cooper City Police said there was nothing wrong with it after I reported her father for exposing her to it; now she is turning what should be love for her father to hate because she is being forced to live with him while he is still molesting her. This time he admitted to me he touched her virgina but with the excuse that he was rubbing cream on her rash. She is eleven years old; I don't touch her body at all. I teach her how to care for herself, and if the rash doesn't go away I take her to the doctor, which he doesn't. 

Let's not forget that one of the reasons I divorced him besides his abuse is that he had an affair with a 16-year-old high school minor, and no one seems to care because the girl was Black, and he is White. I want my daughter removed from this man immediately and returned back to me (her mother). She was taken from me based on lies my ex-husband told that I threaten to take her away from him, without having to prove it. I took her to safety because he was molesting her. I had proof then and I have proof now, but no one cares to speak to any of my witnesses. Now she is causing harm to other kids at her school. I am afraid my daughter is going to grow up and end up in jail due to this corrupt system.

I have done everything I could to protect my daughter and try and get her away from her father, who is continuing to molest her. Every time I report the things she tells me he is doing, he calls me with threats because according to him the police and sheriff are on his side and they tell him how to get back at me. The last time I reported her black eye and bruises on her face, he called me with threats. I also reported that he looked like he had been smoking marijuana, he called me shouting profanities and threats to accuse me of being strung out on cocaine as he knows I have never experimented with drugs in my life; I don't even take over the counter drugs. That day there was a police officer with him listening to our conversation; I could hear the police radio in the background. When I mentioned that I knew he was recording my phone calls without my permission the call went dead.

Lastly, my daughter told me she stole candy from the store. This too is a habit she picked up from her father; in the past I used to catch him shop lifting. I admonished that if he did it again I would report him, and of course he threaten me. 

I do have an attorney now, but I have run out of money and can't pay her. It is only a matter of time when she will have to withdraw from my case. I am also receiving more threats from my ex-husband that his attorney, Cindy Vova will be filing a motion to have me incarcerated because I can't pay her fees too. These are fees that she unethically filed in court after Judge Luzzo ruled that each of us is responsible for our own fees. He did not order me to pay my ex-husband's fees. However, Cindy Vova re-entered the order with her changes and filed them so that when my cased was turned over to Judge Aramony, I would be forced to pay her or go to jail. I tried paying those fees for the sake of proving to the court that I am not disobedient, but I am flat out broke now. I have no more money. There are other creditors calling me threatening to take me to court because I can't pay them either because this case has taken everything I had.

I need help before my daughter does something desperate. She is getting older now, and I am afraid that she is going to end up in prison or dead. The last time my daughter spoke with DCF without her father present, she told them she did not want to live with her father. She told them she wanted to live with her mother. She wasn't afraid to speak her own mind, but when her father is present she says what he has coerced her to say. My daughter even told me that when Melinda Brown was her guardian ad litem, she tried to turn her against me (her mother).  My daughter said Melinda Brown told her things that she knew wasn't true because she knew she was with me during the incidents in question, and she now she is even afraid of the legal system. The legal system is causing my daughter to hate her father, as is her father with his own lies.

P.S. I have tried to contact James Walker in the past by phone and email, but I have not received any responses from him or his office. I do not feel that I can trust Broward County's legal system. There has been too many cases involving Black and White issues where the system sided with the White party. I have met with other people who have suffered from discrimination and lost their children due to this racist legal system. Something has got to be done to clean up the legal system in Broward County and disbar unethical attorneys and police officers. I have spent my entire life obeying the law and teaching my daughter as well as my students how important it is to obey. What do I have to show for it? I am the one being punished for trying to protect my child from abuse. I do believe that if my ex-husband were Black, he would be in jail just as what happened to another case similar to mine where the man was Black and the wife was White. She violated court order and left the jurisdiction with their minor child, and nothing was done about it. The Black man filed contempt charges against his White ex-wife, and nothing was done. She is still in Jacksonville. In fact, after I received permission from him to use his case as an example Cindy Vova, my ex-husband's attorney, read it and suddenly became legal representative to the White ex-wife of the Black man who has not seen his child in nearly four years. Cindy Vova is unethical, but when I filed a claim against her to the Bar they too took her side and threw out my complaint.

Sincerely,
Gail Becker

kekelolo4@hotmail.com
kekelolo2003@yahoo.com
9547091418
    


  _____  

From: Jack Moss <Jack_Moss@dcf.state.fl.us>
To: kekelolo4@hotmail.com
CC: James_Walker@sheriff.org
Subject: Your Daughter
Date: Mon, 4 Apr 2005 15:23:02 -0400
MIME-Version: 1.0
Received: from scfdz003.dcf.state.fl.us ([205.176.220.45]) by mc10-f23.hotmail.com with Microsoft SMTPSVC(6.0.3790.211); Mon, 4 Apr 2005 12:23:06 -0700
>
>
>
>
>
>Dear Ms. Becker:
>
>Thank you for your March 20th e-mail to Governor Bush regarding your
>daughter. Governor Bush asked me to respond to you on his behalf.
>
>As you know, in Broward County, District 10, all child protective services
>responsibilities have been transitioned to Broward County Sheriffâ€™s Office.
>I am forwarding a copy of your correspondence to Mr. James Walker, Program
>Director, Broward County Sheriffâ€™s Office, for further review. Please feel
>free to contact Mr. Walker, who may be reached at (954) 797-5299. Mr.
>Walkerâ€™s address is 359 North State Road Seven, Plantation, Florida 33317.
>
>Sincerely,
>
>
>
>
>
>Jack L. Moss
>District Ten Administrator
>Florida Department of Children & Families
>Ph: (954) 467-4298/SC 453-4298
>Fax: (954) 467-4623/SC 453-4623
>E-Mail: Jack_Moss@dcf.state.fl.us
>
>Confidentiality Notice: This e-mail & attachments is for the sole use of
>the intended recipient(s) & may contain confidential information.
>Unauthorized use is prohibited.
>CONFIDENTIALITY NOTICE: This message and any attachments are for the sole
>use of the intended recipient(s) and may contain confidential and
>privileged information that is exempt from public disclosure. Any
>unauthorized review, use, disclosure, or distribution is prohibited. If
>you have received this message in error please contact the sender (by phone
>or reply electronic mail) and then destroy all copies of the original
>message.


From:	candy zuleger <candy@trinitydna.com>
Sent:	Tuesday, July 11, 2006 4:31 PM
To:	FlorenceDewiest@fdle.state.fl.us
Cc:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	B1000 DNA backlog rebid/small business

  

Florence,

FDLE’s new requirement that the private DNA lab should have processed 1300 cases excludes our lab which is in the state of  Florida.  That was not a requirement in the previous bid or the bid a few years ago.  The FDLE will not use just one lab to process their backlog anyway.  This excludes two female owned life science businesses in the state of Florida from even bidding.  How can the state justify excluding small business based on this “new” requirement.  Does this alleviate the problem FDLE had with the previous bid?

This may be more of a question for your legal department.

Sincerely,

Candy Zuleger

Trinity DNA Solutions

5697 Industrial Blvd

Milton, FL  32583

Ph: 850-623-1984

Fax: 850-623-1154

 

From:	Alex Szabo <alex@alex-szabo.com>
Sent:	Tuesday, July 11, 2006 4:30 PM
To:	'Barineau, Robyn'
Cc:	Governor Jeb Bush; Mack Mcclain; 'Wilson, Elizabeth'
Subject:	RE: Request for help

Importance:	High

Dear Ms. Barineau,

Thank you for your prompt and courteous service. I shall inform Mrs. Mclain
about your welcome news. Please do not hesitate to call if I can be of
service to you too. Hope your trip brings you success.


Best regards,
Alex Szabo

=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=
Alex Szabo, Information Technology & Business Consultant
1119 Knobb Hill Drive
Jacksonville FL 32221
Voice: (904) 781-0502 Fax: (904) 781-0044

Rebellion against tyrants is obedience to God - Ben Franklin
 
They that can give up essential liberty to obtain a little temporary safety 
deserve neither liberty nor safety. - Ben Franklin
 =-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=
-----Original Message-----
From: Barineau, Robyn [mailto:Robyn.Barineau@dbpr.state.fl.us] 
Sent: Tuesday, July 11, 2006 3:58 PM
To: alex@alex-szabo.com
Subject: RE: Request for help

Dear Mr. Szabo:

This informs you that Ms. Mclain's license has been issued, pursuant to
her request.  

Please do not hesitate to contact me if you have any questions.

Sincerely,

Robyn Barineau
Executive Director
Florida Barbers' Board
-----Original Message-----
From: Alex Szabo [mailto:alex@alex-szabo.com] 
Sent: Tuesday, July 11, 2006 2:39 PM
To: Wilson, Elizabeth; Barineau, Robyn
Cc: Governor Jeb Bush; Mack Mcclain
Subject: RE: Request for help
Importance: High

Dear Ms. Barineau,

Regarding the impending case of Mrs. Vina Mclain and our previous
conversations, I have personally attempted to secure an "audit trail" at
your behest of Mrs. Mclain's name change directly through the
Immigration
and Naturalization Service (INS) by calling their contact phone number.

While expending more time and finally talking with a Federal Agent who
identified himself as Chris Agent # 2378; the United States Government
does
not facilitate providing Naturalized Citizens with copies of their
original
Naturalization Application (i.e. Document N-400 you cited earlier today
which was the form she would have had to have filed).

Their official position remains steadfast. THE NATURALIZATION
CERTIFICATE IS
THE LEGAL POINT AT WHICH THE NAME CHANGE OCCURRED. That statement
therefore
becomes axiomatic and sacrosanct to this citizen. In my estimation, no
lower
authority may have any superseding rule in this matter. According to the
same aforementioned form N-400; subsection D; the question states: Name
change (optional); Please read the Instructions before you decide to
whether
to change your name. (1) Would you like to change your name? (Y/N); 2.
If
"Yes," Print new name you would like to use. Do not use initials or
abbreviations when writing your name.

When you stated earlier to me that a certified copy of the N-400 would
suffice, what logic supports the notion that an application for any
request
of any governmental agency has a greater precedence or priority as
opposed
to the final issued legal document that is recognized world-wide? Does
not
the actual certificate prove beyond any reasonable doubt, the
authenticity
or veracity of this citizen and licensed barber? 

I also verified your earlier assertion that Mrs. Mclain can renew under
her
birth name; that claim on your part, appears to be flawed. According to
each
and every source of reference I checked, the fact that the USA and the
State
of Florida and her local municipality recognizes her as Vina Mclain and
because the DBPR agent that Mrs. Mclain dealt with earlier stated that
she
CAN NOT apply under her birth name for renewal, raises more doubts about
your statement as she is no longer that person.

I think that this matter is clear and simple. Unless there is a question
as
to the authenticity of the actual Naturalization Certificate, then this
citizen would ask that you proceed with the renewal process straightway
so
that she does not miss her deadline of July 31, 2006; if this applicant
is
in good standings with your department (which I believe her to be). In
this
instance, if a question remains as the veracity of either the Federal
Government; Government Branch (DBPR) (Driver's License) or citizen
Mclain
making claims, one fact remains persistent; Mrs. Mclain is recognized by
the
Federal Government; the State of Florida; and the County of Duval - but
not
the DBPR. That is what logic prescribes to me. Either way, this matter
is
resolved and simple to move forward with.

If I am incorrect by having missed some valuable point you made earlier,
then please forgive me and appraise me immediately. As before, I am
simply
attempting to help a neighbor. Since you also stated that you have
evidence
contrary to my claim, were you able to sanitize the document you
described
so that I may see its notation and point of origin?

Since you also indicated you are out of pocket from the end of day today
until next Monday, I would like to see the momentum of this renewal
process
continue forward (despite your absence) so that Mrs. Mclain does not
miss
out in life.

What are the next steps and what should I tell Mrs. Mclain? I anxiously
await your response. Thanks in advance.


Best regards,
Alex Szabo

=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-
=-=
Alex Szabo, Information Technology & Business Consultant
1119 Knobb Hill Drive
Jacksonville FL 32221
Voice: (904) 781-0502 Fax: (904) 781-0044

Rebellion against tyrants is obedience to God - Ben Franklin
 
They that can give up essential liberty to obtain a little temporary
safety 
deserve neither liberty nor safety. - Ben Franklin
 
=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-
=-=
-----Original Message-----
From: Wilson, Elizabeth [mailto:Elizabeth.Wilson@dbpr.state.fl.us] 
Sent: Monday, July 10, 2006 11:34 AM
To: alex@alex-szabo.com
Subject: FW: Request for help

Dear Mr. Szabo,

On behalf of Department of Business and Professional Regulation (DBPR)
Secretary Simone Marstiller, thank you for the opportunity to respond to
your email to Governor Jeb Bush, concerning the problems Ms. Mclain has
encountered while attempting to renew her barber license.  Governor Bush
forwarded your email to DBPR for response as we license and regulate
barbers.

I am truly sorry there has been confusion regarding Ms. Mclain's barber
license, and I want to assure you that department staff, including the
Executive Director of the Barbers Board, Robyn Barineau, are thoroughly
reviewing Ms. Mclain's file. Ms. Barineau has informed me that she
personally tried to reach you via telephone without success.  Please
call Ms. Barineau at 850.922.6096 at your earliest convenience, so that
she may assist you in resolving Ms. Mclain's issues.

Thank you for bringing this matter to our attention.

Sincerely, 

Elizabeth Wilson
Internal Affairs Manager
Office of Communications
Department of Business and Professional Regulation
850.922.8981
Elizabeth.Wilson@dbpr.state.fl.us

-----Original Message-----
From: Alex Szabo [mailto:alex@alex-szabo.com]
Sent: Wednesday, July 05, 2006 9:18 PM
To: Governor Jeb Bush
Cc: Mack Mcclain
Subject: Request for help
Importance: High


My Dear Governor Jeb,

I trust all is well with you and your family.

My neighbor's; Mack & Vina Mclain are a young married couple that lives
across the street from me (along with their new daughter, Livia). I
write
you on behalf of Mrs. Mclain to inform you of her plight and to
potentially
enlist your direct help. 

Mrs. Mclain is a licensed barber under the Florida Department of
Business &
Professional Regulation (DBPR) and whose license up for routine and
recurring renewal by the end of this month. Unfortunately, Mrs. Mclain's
attempt to renew her professional license since last April has been meet
with numerous bureaucratic debacles and resistance on the part of this
department upon my initial review of her documentation. 

Mrs. Mclain's license was originally issued under her birth name prior
to
her acquiring her citizenship. Her initial name change occurred at the
time
she became a citizen of the U.S.A. during her Naturalization Ceremony on
September 17, 2004. Immediately after that event she was issued a United
States Passport. Subsequent to that event was her marriage in which
[again]
her surname changed due to marriage and duly recorded officially and
made a
part of public record. In addition, she possesses a valid Florida
Driver's
license issued under her current legal name.

Mrs. Mclain submitted all required documentation requested of her
including
fees (taxation) levied against her so that she may pursue prosperity
within
her regulated profession in her current legal name. She has submitted
all
documentation copies when requested.

At this time, the DPBR has suspended the entire renewal process in lieu
of
requesting a certified copy for a Petition for Name Change from the
Immigration and Naturalization Service, a completely unnecessary and
inconsequential request on their part. The only sequence of events this
demand shall spawn is (a) cost this young couple another $250 (plus)
dollars; (b) expiration of license and thusly requiring additional fees
from
the normal renewal fees; (c) loss of time and wages to chase an
inaccessible
reply to a nebulous request; (d) loss of potential wages due to
inability to
practice profession.

To recap; the United States of America recognizes Vina (at every
junction);
the State of Florida recognizes Vina (as a driver); but NOT the DBPR.
For
you see, their authority supersedes the authority of the United States
government by undue delay for the renewal of this citizens license in
favor
of delays for unessential and nonsensical demands. DBPR make the
statement
of request, the United States Government tells her that her
Naturalization
Papers are sufficient. 

If I am having difficulty digesting this request, who is she supposed to
believe? I find a great deal of humor on one side of this equation in
the
application of logic and disdain on the other side for the incongruence
of
logic. Moreover, wasn't this issue ultimately settled back when Lee
surrendered to Grant?

The DBPR has NOT listened to the fact that this name change occurred at
the
time of the naturalization ceremony and that no such petition exists.

If you were in my shoes, how would you advise this neighbor? 

I anxiously look forward to your reply.

My Best regards,
Alex Szabo

=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-
=-=
Alex Szabo, Information Technology & Business Consultant
1119 Knobb Hill Drive
Jacksonville FL 32221
Chairman District 12 - Duval County Republican Executive Committee
Representative 12A - Duval County Republican Executive Committee
Voice: (904) 781-0502 Fax: (904) 781-0044

Rebellion against tyrants is obedience to God - Ben Franklin

They that can give up essential liberty to obtain a little temporary
safety
deserve neither liberty nor safety. - Ben Franklin
=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-
=-=




From:	TWOSHADOWTWO@aol.com
Sent:	Tuesday, July 11, 2006 3:46 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush; Geller, Steven; flnavdist@aicw.org; info@watertaxi.com; hcook@broward.org; webadmin@semtribe.com; webmaster@evergladesplan.org; PublicMail.CESAJ-CC@saj02.usace.army.miljames.f.sheriff@saj02.usace.army.mil; bgraber@broward.orgdefense_request@billnelson.senate.gov; hanbury@nsu.nova.edupubaffs@nsu.nova.edu; CustomerCare@westmarine.com; info@toursofvision.com; info@flchamber.com; powerboatsurvey@msn.com; charliebaggett@bellsouth.net; bc@mepstructural.com
Cc:	info@junglequeen.com; pwoa2005@bellsouth.net; TWOSHADOWTWO@aol.com; Brodie.E.Rich@uscg.mil; tribune@semtribe.com; jerry.w.scarborough@saj02.usace.army.mil; president@nsu.nova.edu; westadvantage@westmarine.com; kathy.zeiders@yahoo.com
Subject:	We Need Your Help
Attachments:	SewellLocksupport070606.doc; DELETED0.TXT

11 JULY 2006                 REVISED    MORE INFO.     Please read again.  
 
 
GOOD AFTERNOON ,
 

PLEASE TAKE THE TIME TO READ THIS AND WRITE A LETTER TO THE BUREAU of HISTORIC PRESERVATION A.S.A.P. ABOUT THE SEWELL LOCK and PARK SITE, WE NEED YOUR HELP TO ALLOW BROWARD COUNTY PARKS TO GET THE FUNDING TO FINISH THE IMPROVEMENTS TO THE HISTORIC LOCKS AND RECONSTRUCTION OF THE BUILDINGS AND PARK SITE.  BELOW YOU WILL FIND A SAMPLE LETTER,  THAT MAY HELP YOU.

Thank you for your time

Mr. N.  Camparscone

Member

P.W.O.A.  Inc.

1360 S.W. 56 Avenue

Plantation , Florida  33317                                                                  pwoa2005@bellsouth.net  

***********************************************************************************************************

                                                     SAMPLE LETTER 

 

Frederick P. Gaske

Bureau of Historic Preservation

Florida Department of State

500 S. Bronough Street


Tallahassee, FL   32399-0250


 

 

Dear Mr. Gaske:

 

Please accept this letter as support for the Historic Preservation Special Category Grant application submitted for the restoration of the North New River Lock/Sewell Lock Boating Park, Broward County, Florida. The site has been Designated historical in the National Registry, this boating / barge lock was known as” The Gateway to The Everglades” one of two from the original waterway that allowed shipping from Fort Lauderdale ( Port Everglades ) west to Lake Okeechobee and on to The Gulf of Mexico.

This ocean access Lock was in use until the late 1950’s, when the waterway was turned  over to The State of Florida  for maintenance by The Army Corps of Engineers .

 Rehabilitation and major improvements to this Historic Lock , Buildings and Park site have been long overdue.  This is a worthwhile restoration of a historical site and one that will bring enjoyment from its use by the residents and visitors to the State of Florida and Broward County. 

 Thank you.

 

Signed - 

************************************************************

( See attachments-History )

Please make sure to copy your letter to    The  Historical  Society   ( Mr, Chris Eck ) ceck@broward.org    and       P.W.O.A.  Inc.       ( Mr. N. Camparscone )     pwoa2005@bellsouth.net 

 

Again , Thank You

*********************************************************************************************************

                                         More History about The Sewell Lock ,below

***********************************************************************************************************

30 June 2006

Re: The Sewell Lock Boating Park

      New River Canal

      Broward County , Florida

Please scroll down and read all the Info., If you have the time to help us ,Please let us know when / how we may contact you.If you do not have time now , please write the letter requested in the Info below,and if you would please copy us also."This would be one Great Boating Destination" when completed.

Thank You

R.  Beach

Member

P.W.O.A.   I NC.

1360 S.W. 56th Avenue

Plantation  Isles

Plantation , Florida   33317          PLEASE contact ; Nick  @    pwoa2005@bellsouth.net

**********************************************************************************************************

29 JUNE 2006

 

Dear Bob,

 

I know and appreciate how concerned you are for the restoration and rehabilitation of the Sewell Lock Boating Park.  If you and the other park supporters would like to do something that may help ensure the success of the grant application that I recently prepared, you can send in a letter of support to the state.

 

Please have everyone that wishes to see this funded write a letter to the State Historic preservation Officer Fred gaske and tell him in your own words – it can be as short or

 long as you like – that you would like to see the state Historic Preservation Special Category Grant for the North New River Lock/Sewell Lock Boating Park be funded.  His contact information is as follows

 

                                              Frederick Gaske

Director and State Historic Preservation Officer

Office of Cultural and Historical Programs

Florida Department of State

500 S. Bronough Street

Tallahassee, Florida 32399-0250

 

Fax Number: 850-245-6436

 

Please copy my office at the contact information provided below on any letters sent, so

 that I have them on file.  I am leaving out of town for an annual family vacation tomorrow, 

so if you would like to talk to me when I return, I’ll be back the 2nd week of July.

 

Thanks & all the best,

Chris

 

__________________________________________

Christopher R. Eck, MA, JD

Administrator and County Historic Preservation Officer

Broward County Historical Commission

151 SW 2 Street

Fort Lauderdale, Florida 33301

Tel. 954-765-4671

Fax 954-765-4437

Email: ceck@broward.org

*****************************************************************************************************

 

F Y I       28 JUNE 2006 
 
Sewell Lock Boating Park
 Broward County , FL.

-----------------
Forwarded Message: 

Subj:	 RE: Sewell Lock Boating Park - Broward County - 	
Date:	 6/27/2006 7:12:30 PM Eastern Standard Time	
From:	 SUSANSMITH@broward.org	
To:	 TWOSHADOWTWO@aol.com	
Sent from the Internet (Details)	


Mr. Beach – Chris Eck has just filed an application for a State of Florida Historic Preservation Special Category Grant. We are also pursuing other funding opportunities. Please allow us the time to do our due diligence. 

 Susan H. Smith
Administrative Assistant to
John E. Rodstrom, Jr.
Broward County Commissioner District 7
(954) 357-7007
SusanSmith@broward.org

**********************************************************************************************************

From: TWOSHADOWTWO@aol.com [mailto:TWOSHADOWTWO@aol.com] 
Sent: Tuesday, June 13, 2006 11:35 AM
To: Smith, Susan; Meyers, Andrew; Rodstrom, John
Cc: pwoa2005@bellsouth.net; Eck, Christopher; Jacobs, Kristin; KnHrrn@aol.com; jvaronjr@sfwmd.gov; jeb.bush@myflorida.com; Plana, Jaime
Subject: Fwd: Sewell Lock Boating Park - Broward County -

 

13 JUNE 2006

  

Is The Broward County Board of Commissioners in fact going to default on a contract/agreement signed by The Board and The State of Florida ? What serious effort

 has the Broward County Board of County Commissioners made over the last few years 

to find the funding to complete the Historical Park site ? , No funding again for 2007 ,

 but then again The Agreement was only signed in 1984 !  Maybe next year .

 

R.   Beach                                                 TwoShadowTwo@aol.com 

Member

P.W.O.A.  Inc.

1360 S.W. 56 Avenue

Plantation  Isles

Plantation , Florida    33317                        mailto:pwoa2005@bellsouth.net

************************************************************************************************************

Download to read more , Remember this Historical Park Site, when finished,  will also be a Great Boating Destination Site for the whole family to enjoy.    

 

 

 


From:	WM&KM <roadagent54@earthlink.net>
Sent:	Tuesday, July 11, 2006 3:38 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Citizen Insurance

Sir:
      I sent you two suggestion the other day by e-mail on how to fix the Insurance problem in Fl. I have another one you may want to look into.
 
Place on  Insurance  a $2.00  service fee on every electric meter in the state of Fl. You would then reach everyone. In Pasco County alone this would be a Million or so in dollors a month. Now X that by 64 counties each month then X 12.  I think this would also slove the problem for the state run insurance. Just do the math.   No one would say a word and in the future if you need to raise it you can. 
 
I hope my suggestion get to you and don't fall on deaf ears. I don't want the credit I just want something done now not a year from now....
 
Thankyou
W. Murphy
7226 Bramblewood Dr
Port Richey, Fl
From:	Lynch, Brooke <Brooke.Lynch@djj.state.fl.us>
Sent:	Tuesday, July 11, 2006 3:12 PM
To:	agarner@ci.homestead.fl.us; nhodge@ci.homestead.fl.us; jporter@ci.homestead.fl.us; jwaldman@ci.homestead.fl.us; mmenendez@cityofsouthmiami.net; kvazquez@cityofsouthmiami.net; dodonniley@cityofsouthmiami.net; Horacefeliu@bellsouth.net; velpal2000@bellsouth.net; DEMRAN55@aol.com; comm.birtscooper@bellsouth.net; jfdeegan@mdpd.com; u302763@mdpd.com; NormaJ@MiamiDade.Gov; LMorton@cityofsouthmiami.net; chth@miamidade.gov; GAZITUA@miamidade.gov; MSallah@miamiherald.com; CRabin@miamiherald.com; SRICE@miamidade.gov; SBustos@miamiherald.com; Governor Jeb Bush; dpnz@miamidade.gov; MANAGER@miamidade.gov; TFiedler@miamiherald.com; DENISM@miamidade.gov; Mayor@miamidade.gov; ALG@miamidade.gov; MHG1@miamidade.gov; LGross@miamiherald.com; MSallah@miamiherald.com; aalvarez@local10.com; rberky@local10.com; kbutler@local10.com; aflowers@local10.com; tforney@local10.com; jherrera@local10.com; ljennings@local10.com; kkrueger@local10.com; rlohse@local10.com,; dlauderdale@local10.com; ttongen@local10.com; patricia.andreu@nbcuni.com; Carole@wkis.com; Bob@wkis.com; Coffeyinthemorning@wkis.com; Dar@wkis.com; Billy@wkis.com,; Jeff@wkis.com,; BeanBag@wkis.com,; Johnny@wkis.com; Jay@wkis.com; Bruce@wkis.com; Jason@wkis.com; Sandy@wkis.com; nick.bogert@nbcuni.com; Joel.Connable@nbc.com; kelly.craig@nbc.com; pam.giganti@nbc.com; District3@miamidade.gov, District4@miamidade.gov, District5@miamidade.gov, District6@miamidade.gov, District7@miamidade.gov; District10@miamidade.gov, District11@miamidade.gov, District13@miamidade.gov; Manager@miamidade.gov; jryzenberg@wsvn.com; newsdesk@wsvn.com; mayor@floridacityfl.us; jsmith@floridacityfl.us; rshiver@floridacityfl.us; tdorsett@floridacityfl.us; vicemayor@floridacityfl.us; policechief@floridacityfl.gov; exec-asst@floridacityfl.gov; com-dev@floridacityfl.gov; proj-mngr@floridacityfl.gov; parks-super@floridacityfl.gov; ldelgado@cityofhomestead.com; slosner@ci.homestead.fl.us; lbell@ci.homestead.fl.us; agarner@ci.homestead.fl.us; nhodge@ci.homestead.fl.us; jporter@ci.homestead.fl.us; jwaldman@ci.homestead.fl.us; mmenendez@cityofsouthmiami.net; kvazquez@cityofsouthmiami.net; dodonniley@cityofsouthmiami.net; Horacefeliu@bellsouth.net; velpal2000@bellsouth.net; DEMRAN55@aol.com; comm.birtscooper@bellsouth.net; Jaybeckman@cityofsouthmiami.net; ymckinley@cityofsouthmiami.net; Srothstein@cityofsouthmiami.net; edeveaux@cityofsouthmiami.net; aricke@cityofsouthmiami.net; DHarrell@cityofsouthmiami.net; MCortes@cityofsouthmiami.net; MStouttate@cityofsouthmiami.net; council@pinecrest-fl.gov; parks@pinecrest-fl.gov; manager@pinecrest-fl.gov; mannydiaz@ci.miami.fl.us; agonzalez@ci.miami.fl.us; jarriola@ci.miami.fl.us; MSpence@ci.miami.fl.us; tr@ci.miami.fl.us; lhaskins@ci.miami.fl.us; newsdesk@wplg.com; tfiedler@miamiherald.com; dwilson@miamiherald.com; lgross@miamiherald.com; rhirsch@miamiherald.com; tespetia@miamiherald.com; dadenews@miamiherald.com; browardnews@miamiherald.com; features@miamiherald.com; msallah@miamiherald.com; gepstein@miamiherald.com; slevinson@miamiherald.com; orders@rivamotorsports.com; jack@actionjetsports.com; john@actionjetsports.com; info@palmettomotorsports.com; sales@GableMotorSports.com; customerservice@greateryamaha.com; orders@greateryamaha.com; mikem@rivasouth.net; service@bikebandit.com; ovang@barneys.net; sales@atvconnection.com; moderators@atvconnection.com,
Subject:	Legal ATV in Miami




To All Parties Concerned: 


I am an avid recreational OHV (Off Highway Vehicle) user. We enjoy our OHV’s with family and friends. In my household alone there are three ATV’s and a monster truck. We enjoy this sport and the out doors. My children have never played a home video game system. They would rather be out enjoying nature.

OHV experiences have been a part of weekly activities for so many in Dade County over the years. It is a time for family, friendship, and getting muddy. It has given many the only time they have to share with others. In the rush of life these days people forget to stop and spend time with people they care about. This activity allows for harmless, enjoyable time outdoors. Unfortunately this past time is/has (hopefully temporarily) become a non-legal activity and people/families are being ticketed, arrested, and having their OHV impounded.   

There is a location in South Dade County that is like a second home to hundreds from Monroe County to Broward County and farther away.  This location holds many memories for thousands of South Florida residents. It has always been a place where juveniles to grandparents have ridden OHV’s, had bon fires, family picnic’s, group gatherings, and muddied a lot of clothes. 

Now that we are no longer allowed to enjoy activities at this location we need a place where we can! A place where our children and our friends feel as safe as they have at “The Hump”. A place where marshmallows can be roasted, ATV’s can get muddy, monster trucks can climb out of deep muddy holes and memories can be made.

I have been working with Dade County Park and Recreation in hopes of finding a location in Dade County for legal OHV use. As you are well aware space in our ever growing community is a large issue. The OHV users need all the support we can obtain. Please help take a stand in finding a legal place for the residents in Dade County to enjoy OHV activities. 

Sincerely, 

Brooke Lynch 
(305) 395-0586 

(Member of:   www.thehumponline.com) 


The mission of the Florida Department of Juvenile Justice: To protect the public by reducing juvenile crime and the delinquency in Florida.


Florida has a very broad public records law. Most written communications to or from state officials regarding 
state business are public records available to the public and media upon request. Your e-mail communications may 
therefore be subject to public disclosure.

From:	AskLott <asklott@FlaLottery.com>
Sent:	Tuesday, July 11, 2006 3:43 PM
To:	'stwflorida@yahoo.com'
Cc:	Governor Jeb Bush; AskLott
Subject:	FW: dr............FW: FL Lotto Web Site

Dear Mr. Wilson
 
Governor Bush forwarded your e-mail to us regarding our Web site being down.
We apologize for any technical difficulties you may have encountered this
past weekend researching winning number information. It is unfortunate that
our players are sometimes inconvenienced by technical difficulties, but I
assure we addressed the issue as quickly as possible.
 
Other options you can use to check for current winning lottery numbers and
prize payouts are any of our 12,700 retailers throughout Florida or our
automated system at (850) 487-7777. You can also get current winning numbers
through Florida's daily newspapers and their respective Web sites.
 
We appreciate your input and comments, and your continued support of the
Florida Lottery.
 
AskLott/dmr
 
 
 
-----Original Message-----
From: Governor Jeb Bush [mailto:Jeb.Bush@MyFlorida.com]
Sent: Monday, July 10, 2006 9:15 AM
To: Lott (E-mail)
Subject: FW: FL Lotto Web Site


 
-----Original Message-----
From: steve wilson [mailto:stwflorida@yahoo.com]
Sent: Sunday, July 09, 2006 11:15 AM
To: Governor Jeb Bush
Subject: FL Lotto Web Site


Jeb Bush's Office:
 
There seems to be chronic problems with the Florida Lottery home page.
<http://www.flalottery.com/> http://www.flalottery.com   
 
I play the LOTTO every few weeks when there is a large jackpot.  Over the
past several months, every time I logged onto the site, it was down.  In
fact, the web site is currently down.  
 
I doubt I will every play the LOTTO again.  I have no faith in an
organization whose web page is down 100% of the time when I try to access
it. 
 
Steve Wilson
 
 
 

__________________________________________________
Do You Yahoo!?
Tired of spam? Yahoo! Mail has the best spam protection around 
http://mail.yahoo.com 

From:	Carlos Barba <crbarba@bellsouth.net>
Sent:	Tuesday, July 11, 2006 3:35 PM
To:	MFELIPE@marcellfelipe.com
Cc:	migueljrosenfeld@aol.com; Cvnanitta@aol.com; RGARCIA@SCREENSERVICE.NET; Governor Jeb Bush; Miguel Banojian
Subject:	Fw: Miami Contracts
Attachments:	Asset Purchase Agreemen.doc; Time Brokerage Agreement.doc; WFUN Disclosure Schedules.tif

Importance:	High

ESTE ES EL CANAL DE MISMI WFUN TV, SI LOGRAMOS QUE CONCAST LO PONGA EN EL AIRE, SERA UN TREMENDO NEGOCIO, DEBEMOS REUNIRNOS PARA TRAZAR UN PLAN DE ATAQUE Y CONOCER DEBILIDADES O NECESIDADES DE CONCAST, NUEVOS REQUERIMIENTOS DEL FCC A LOS CABLES Y EL GRAN MOVIMIENTO DE LAS TELEFONICAS COMPRANDO CABLES. QUE PODEMOS OFRECER QUE LOS CABLEROS NECESITEN? CB
----- Original Message ----- 
From: Kalil & Co. {PW} 
To: 'Carlos Barba' 
Cc: Frank Higney ; 'Frank Kalil' 
Sent: Monday, July 10, 2006 8:00 PM
Subject: Miami Contracts

Dear Carlos:
 
Attached are the documents provided by Jim Anderson, which he would like you to work with moving forward.  
 
Let's discuss upon Raul's return.  
 
Best personal regards,
 
Lou McDermott
 
LM:pw
cc    Mr. Frank Kalil
        Mr. Frank Higney
 


Please reply to email address: kalil@kalilco.com 

This transmittal is intended exclusively for the use of the individual or 
entity to whom it is addressed, and may be protected from disclosure under 
applicable state and or federal law. If the reader of this message is not 
the intended recipient, you are hereby notified that any unauthorized 
dissemination, distribution, or copy of this communication is strictly 
prohibited. If you have received this communication in error, please notify 
us immediately or telephone (520) 795-1050, and destroy the original 
message. 

Thank you. 

KALIL & CO., INC. 
3444 North Country Club 
Suite 200 
Tucson, Arizona 85716 
(520) 795-1050 
(520) 322-0584 FAX 
Please reply to email address: kalil@kalilco.com 

From:	Anthony Boatright <possum122263@alltel.net>
Sent:	Tuesday, July 11, 2006 3:35 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Running mate

  Dear Govenor Bush, I have been reading about the rumor that you may consider a Run With John Mccain.  I really do like you,However I Strongly do not!! like that John Mccain Yeehoo.  He is a Communist from the Word Go!   I would vote for you but Not!! if u Ran on the Same ticket as him..  I will Not vote this presidential election  if he is the 'So called" republican candidate 
                             Sincerely Anthony Boatright
From:	AskLott <asklott@FlaLottery.com>
Sent:	Tuesday, July 11, 2006 3:37 PM
To:	'meszaros.j@juno.com'
Cc:	Governor Jeb Bush; AskLott
Subject:	FW: dr.......FW: [*] Scam Florida Lottery

Dear Mr. Meszaros
 
Governor Bush forwarded your e-mail to us regarding our Web site being down.
We apologize for any technical difficulties you may have encountered this
past weekend researching winning number information. It is unfortunate that
our players are sometimes inconvenienced by technical difficulties, but I
assure we addressed the issue as quickly as possible and there is definitely
no lottery scam.
 
All Florida Lottery drawings are conducted under stringent guidelines and
security. To ensure that those guidelines are precisely followed, each
drawing is monitored by a third party, Valiente, Hernandex & Co., a CPA
auditing  company.
 
Other options you can use to check for current winning lottery numbers and
prize payouts are any of our 12,700 retailers throughout Florida or our
automated system at (850) 487-7777. You can also get current winning numbers
through Florida's daily newspapers and their respective Web sites.
 
We appreciate your input and comments, and your continued support of the
Florida Lottery. Good luck playing your favorite games!
 
 
AskLott/dmr
 
 
-----Original Message-----
From: Governor Jeb Bush [mailto:Jeb.Bush@MyFlorida.com]
Sent: Monday, July 10, 2006 8:46 AM
To: Lott (E-mail)
Subject: FW: [*] Scam Florida Lottery


 
-----Original Message-----
From: meszaros.j@juno.com [mailto:meszaros.j@juno.com]
Sent: Saturday, July 08, 2006 7:11 PM
To: Governor Jeb Bush
Subject: [*] Scam Florida Lottery


Honorable Governor Bush:  It is Saturday, July 8Th at 7 PM.  The results of
last night Lottery are not in the Internet except the Cash 3.  Is it another
scam as it was in December drawing two years ago?  I was cheated out of a
winning of $500.00 in Fantasy 5 drawing.  My name was not listed as a
winner, so I disposed of my ticket.  Later I received a letter that I am a
winner.  I mailed in the winners documents and explained that I discarded
the ticket because my name was not on the winner's list.  Later my name
appeared on the winners list.  I received a cheap package of promotional
material, my name was removed from the winners list and someone else
probably received the $500.00 dollars.  I wrote e-mail to you about this
case and many to lottery office.  Now I alert you about this irregularity.
The Internet is supposed to show the winning numbers at latest 10 AM next
morning.  It is eight hours late.  Sincerely, Josef Meszaros 07/08/2006 
From:	JOSIE NORMAN <spiritbreathedfireborn@msn.com>
Sent:	Tuesday, July 11, 2006 2:52 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Hurricane Katrina Pets

http://network.bestfriends.org/legalanimal/news/5937.html
Governor Bush,
                     Please read this story it will help you understand the victims side and the truth about this case.
                                 Thank you again for your time and attention.
                                                Josie Norman
From:	Lynch, Brooke <Brooke.Lynch@djj.state.fl.us>
Sent:	Tuesday, July 11, 2006 3:13 PM
To:	agarner@ci.homestead.fl.us; nhodge@ci.homestead.fl.us; jporter@ci.homestead.fl.us; jwaldman@ci.homestead.fl.us; mmenendez@cityofsouthmiami.net; kvazquez@cityofsouthmiami.net; dodonniley@cityofsouthmiami.net; Horacefeliu@bellsouth.net; velpal2000@bellsouth.net; DEMRAN55@aol.com; comm.birtscooper@bellsouth.net; jfdeegan@mdpd.com; u302763@mdpd.com; NormaJ@MiamiDade.Gov; LMorton@cityofsouthmiami.net; chth@miamidade.gov; GAZITUA@miamidade.gov; MSallah@miamiherald.com; CRabin@miamiherald.com; SRICE@miamidade.gov; SBustos@miamiherald.com; Governor Jeb Bush; dpnz@miamidade.gov; MANAGER@miamidade.gov; TFiedler@miamiherald.com; DENISM@miamidade.gov; Mayor@miamidade.gov; ALG@miamidade.gov; MHG1@miamidade.gov; LGross@miamiherald.com; MSallah@miamiherald.com; aalvarez@local10.com; rberky@local10.com; kbutler@local10.com; aflowers@local10.com; tforney@local10.com; jherrera@local10.com; ljennings@local10.com; kkrueger@local10.com; rlohse@local10.com,; dlauderdale@local10.com; ttongen@local10.com; patricia.andreu@nbcuni.com; Carole@wkis.com; Bob@wkis.com; Coffeyinthemorning@wkis.com; Dar@wkis.com; Billy@wkis.com,; Jeff@wkis.com,; BeanBag@wkis.com,; Johnny@wkis.com; Jay@wkis.com; Bruce@wkis.com; Jason@wkis.com; Sandy@wkis.com; nick.bogert@nbcuni.com; Joel.Connable@nbc.com; kelly.craig@nbc.com; pam.giganti@nbc.com; District3@miamidade.gov, District4@miamidade.gov, District5@miamidade.gov, District6@miamidade.gov, District7@miamidade.gov; District10@miamidade.gov, District11@miamidade.gov, District13@miamidade.gov; Manager@miamidade.gov; jryzenberg@wsvn.com; newsdesk@wsvn.com; mayor@floridacityfl.us; jsmith@floridacityfl.us; rshiver@floridacityfl.us; tdorsett@floridacityfl.us; vicemayor@floridacityfl.us; policechief@floridacityfl.gov; exec-asst@floridacityfl.gov; com-dev@floridacityfl.gov; proj-mngr@floridacityfl.gov; parks-super@floridacityfl.gov; ldelgado@cityofhomestead.com; slosner@ci.homestead.fl.us; lbell@ci.homestead.fl.us; agarner@ci.homestead.fl.us; nhodge@ci.homestead.fl.us; jporter@ci.homestead.fl.us; jwaldman@ci.homestead.fl.us; mmenendez@cityofsouthmiami.net; kvazquez@cityofsouthmiami.net; dodonniley@cityofsouthmiami.net; Horacefeliu@bellsouth.net; velpal2000@bellsouth.net; DEMRAN55@aol.com; comm.birtscooper@bellsouth.net; Jaybeckman@cityofsouthmiami.net; ymckinley@cityofsouthmiami.net; Srothstein@cityofsouthmiami.net; edeveaux@cityofsouthmiami.net; aricke@cityofsouthmiami.net; DHarrell@cityofsouthmiami.net; MCortes@cityofsouthmiami.net; MStouttate@cityofsouthmiami.net; council@pinecrest-fl.gov; parks@pinecrest-fl.gov; manager@pinecrest-fl.gov; mannydiaz@ci.miami.fl.us; agonzalez@ci.miami.fl.us; jarriola@ci.miami.fl.us; MSpence@ci.miami.fl.us; tr@ci.miami.fl.us; lhaskins@ci.miami.fl.us; newsdesk@wplg.com; tfiedler@miamiherald.com; dwilson@miamiherald.com; lgross@miamiherald.com; rhirsch@miamiherald.com; tespetia@miamiherald.com; dadenews@miamiherald.com; browardnews@miamiherald.com; features@miamiherald.com; msallah@miamiherald.com; gepstein@miamiherald.com; slevinson@miamiherald.com; orders@rivamotorsports.com; jack@actionjetsports.com; john@actionjetsports.com; info@palmettomotorsports.com; sales@GableMotorSports.com; customerservice@greateryamaha.com; orders@greateryamaha.com; mikem@rivasouth.net; service@bikebandit.com; ovang@barneys.net; sales@atvconnection.com; moderators@atvconnection.com,
Subject:	FW: Off-Highway Vehicle Advisory Meeting - public forum for OHV issues - being held in Miami-Dade County

Importance:	High

 
-----Original Message-----
From: McCall, James A (MDPR) [mailto:JAMCCAL@miamidade.gov]
Sent: Friday, July 07, 2006 4:25 PM
To: dbryan6585@aol.com; acollins@jciinternational.com; pkcycles@aol.com; Lynch, Brooke; miamigirlrider@yahoo.com; Casado-Acorn, Christina (DERM); pybas@ifas.ufl.edu; Young, Emilie (DERM); GMarston@WRTdesign.com; gmat@bellsouth.net; Burzycki, Gwen (DERM); jackterrell@tampabay.rr.com; Jason Hosford; jasmith@sfwmd.gov; pm1@bellsouth.net; thehump@thehumponline.com; rconover@sfwmd.gov; Silvia Vargas
Cc: waldroj@doacs.st.fl.us; Heinicke, Mark (MDPR); Hansen, Eric (MDPR); Falsey, Barbara (MDPR)
Subject: Off-Highway Vehicle Advisory Meeting - public forum for OHV issues - being held in Miami-Dade County
Importance: High



Dear Off-Highway Vehicle enthusiasts, promoters, dealers, and concerned public agency representatives:

 

I want to inform you of a very important public meeting.  Please be advised that the next Off-Highway Vehicle Advisory Committee Meeting of the State Division of Forestry will be Friday August 4, 2006 in Miami, Florida. The Miami-Dade Park and Recreation Department is hosting the meeting at the Palmetto Golf Course, which is located about halfway between Homestead and Miami, at 9300 SW 152nd Street.  The meeting is scheduled from 10:00 am to 3:00 pm (promptly).   

 

As you probably know already, the Miami-Dade County Park and Recreation Department has received a grant from the State Division of Forestry, and is in the process of conducting a county-wide search for locations to provide OHV trails.

 

This committee visits the Miami area only once every year or two, so please don’t miss your chance to voice your ideas, concerns, and questions in a public forum setting.  The meeting consists of presentations, panel discussions, and there is always time reserved for a public discussion/questions period.

 

Please contact me with any questions about the meeting.  For members and leaders of OHV enthusiast groups, please spread the word along to your members of this important meeting.

 

Sincerely,

Andy McCall, Park Planner 2 
Miami-Dade County Park and Recreation Department 
275 NW 2nd St., Suite 423, Miami, FL 33128 
305-755-7993 Phone  305-755-7864 Fax 
www.miamidade.gov/parks 
"Delivering Excellence Every Day" 
Miami-Dade County is a public entity subject to Chapter 119 of the Florida Statutes concerning public records. E-mail messages are covered under such laws and thus subject to disclosure.

 

The mission of the Florida Department of Juvenile Justice: To protect the public by reducing juvenile crime and the delinquency in Florida.


Florida has a very broad public records law. Most written communications to or from state officials regarding 
state business are public records available to the public and media upon request. Your e-mail communications may 
therefore be subject to public disclosure.

From:	Riordan, Donna <Riordand@flalottery.com>
Sent:	Tuesday, July 11, 2006 3:09 PM
To:	'Werty1@aol.com'
Cc:	Governor Jeb Bush; AskLott
Subject:	Recall: dr........FW: Serious Problems

Expires:	Thursday, July 13, 2006 3:06 PM

Riordan, Donna would like to recall the message, "dr........FW: Serious
Problems".
From:	AskLott <asklott@FlaLottery.com>
Sent:	Tuesday, July 11, 2006 3:05 PM
To:	'Werty1@aol.com'
Cc:	Governor Jeb Bush; AskLott
Subject:	FW: dr........FW: Serious Problems

Dear Mr. Saposnik
 
Governor Bush forwarded your e-mail to us regarding our Web site being down.
We apologize for any technical difficulties you may have encountered this
past weekend researching winning number information. It is unfortunate that
our players are sometimes unconvinced by technical difficulties, but I
assure we addressed the issue as quickly as possible.
 
Other options you can use to check for current winning lottery numbers and
prize payouts are any of our 12,700 retailers throughout Florida or our
automated system at (850) 487-7777. You can also get current winning numbers
through Florida's daily newspapers and their respective Web sites.
 
We appreciate your input and comments, and your continued support of the
Florida Lottery. Good luck playing your favorite games!
 
-----Original Message-----
From: Governor Jeb Bush [mailto:Jeb.Bush@MyFlorida.com]
Sent: Monday, July 10, 2006 7:50 AM
To: Lott (E-mail)
Subject: FW: Serious Problems


 
-----Original Message-----
From: Werty1@aol.com [mailto:Werty1@aol.com]
Sent: Sunday, July 09, 2006 8:14 PM
To: Governor Jeb Bush
Subject: Serious Problems


Dear Sir,
 
There are serious problems with the Lottery website!!!!
The winning numbers from Friday night were not posted for at least
twenty-four hours and Saturday night the site went down completely.
 
I rely on the website for all my Lottery results.
If they can't do what is necessary to correctly operate the site,
then I will have to curtail my purchases of tickets!!!
 
Sincerely,
Steven Saposnik
6530 Sleepy Willow Way
Delray Beach, FL 33484
 

 

From:	Trisha McPherson <tmcpherson@gcjlaw.com>
Sent:	Tuesday, July 11, 2006 2:46 PM
To:	Crist, Charlie
Cc:	Governor Jeb Bush; Roberts, Clay; Bill Moss; Terri DiSciullo; councilmanforcht@comcast.net; Rob@popoffs.com; mminozzi@comcast.net; friartuck3725@cs.com; charleskiester@comcast.net; wdtrotter@earthlink.net
Subject:	City of Marco Island's Response to CARES Letter of July 4, 2006
Attachments:	Crist Ltr Re-CARES.PDF

Good afternoon:

 

Attached please find correspondence from Richard D. Yovanovich regarding the City of Marco Island’s response to the CARES letter dated July 4, 2006.

 

Thank you,

 

Trisha McPherson

Legal Assistant to Richard D. Yovanovich

Goodlette, Coleman & Johnson, PA

4001 Tamiami Trail North, Suite 300

Naples, FL  34103

239-435-3535 Phone

239-435-1218 Fax

 

From:	Lynch, Brooke <Brooke.Lynch@djj.state.fl.us>
Sent:	Tuesday, July 11, 2006 3:03 PM
To:	jfdeegan@mdpd.com; u302763@mdpd.com; NormaJ@MiamiDade.Gov; LMorton@cityofsouthmiami.net; chth@miamidade.gov; GAZITUA@miamidade.gov; MSallah@miamiherald.com; CRabin@miamiherald.com; SRICE@miamidade.gov; SBustos@miamiherald.com; Governor Jeb Bush; dpnz@miamidade.gov; MANAGER@miamidade.gov; TFiedler@miamiherald.com; DENISM@miamidade.gov; Mayor@miamidade.gov; ALG@miamidade.gov; MHG1@miamidade.gov; LGross@miamiherald.com; MSallah@miamiherald.com; aalvarez@local10.com; rberky@local10.com; kbutler@local10.com; aflowers@local10.com; tforney@local10.com; jherrera@local10.com; ljennings@local10.com; kkrueger@local10.com; rlohse@local10.com; dlauderdale@local10.com; ttongen@local10.com; patricia.andreu@nbcuni.com
Subject:	Legal ATV in Miami



To All Parties Concerned: 


I am an avid recreational OHV (Off Highway Vehicle) user. We enjoy our OHV’s with family and friends. In my household alone there are three ATV’s and a monster truck. We enjoy this sport and the out doors. My children have never played a home video game system. They would rather be out enjoying nature.

OHV experiences have been a part of weekly activities for so many in Dade County over the years. It is a time for family, friendship, and getting muddy. It has given many the only time they have to share with others. In the rush of life these days people forget to stop and spend time with people they care about. This activity allows for harmless, enjoyable time outdoors. Unfortunately this past time is/has (hopefully temporarily) become a non-legal activity and people/families are being ticketed, arrested, and having their OHV impounded.   

There is a location in South Dade County that is like a second home to hundreds from Monroe County to Broward County and farther away.  This location holds many memories for thousands of South Florida residents. It has always been a place where juveniles to grandparents have ridden OHV’s, had bon fires, family picnic’s, group gatherings, and muddied a lot of clothes. 

Now that we are no longer allowed to enjoy activities at this location we need a place where we can! A place where our children and our friends feel as safe as they have at “The Hump”. A place where marshmallows can be roasted, ATV’s can get muddy, monster trucks can climb out of deep muddy holes and memories can be made.

I have been working with Dade County Park and Recreation in hopes of finding a location in Dade County for legal OHV use. As you are well aware space in our ever growing community is a large issue. The OHV users need all the support we can obtain. Please help take a stand in finding a legal place for the residents in Dade County to enjoy OHV activities. 

Sincerely, 

Brooke Lynch 
(305) 395-0586 

(Member of:   www.thehumponline.com) 


The mission of the Florida Department of Juvenile Justice: To protect the public by reducing juvenile crime and the delinquency in Florida.


Florida has a very broad public records law. Most written communications to or from state officials regarding 
state business are public records available to the public and media upon request. Your e-mail communications may 
therefore be subject to public disclosure.

From:	Gene Tew <gene@ustews.com>
Sent:	Tuesday, July 11, 2006 2:55 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	THE REPUBLICAN DEFEAT

Gene Tew
5721 Berry St.
Milton, FL 32583-1666


July 11, 2006

The Honorable Jeb Bush
Governor of Florida
The Capitol, 400 S. Monroe St.
Tallahassee, FL 32399-0001


Dear Governor Bush:

Dear Guv
This is to let you know that this life time Republican will vote for all 
Democrats in the fall election, with the exception of Catherine Harris who 
you oppose. The word Bush now means to me.....  GREED  GRAFT AND 
CORRUPTION.......And I am begining to believe that the Iraq war, which I 
supported in the begining was just an attempt to protect your family's oil 
intrest in the middel east.

You sir rank as one of the worst govenors in the history of this state.

GOOD RIDANCE
NEXT JANUARY 

Sincerely,


Gene Tew
850-623-9758


From:	ross greybill <ross2vegas@peoplepc.com>
Sent:	Tuesday, July 11, 2006 2:31 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Cc:	APP
Subject:	Fw: Virtual Hearing on Immigration - Secure Borders First


----- Original Message ----- 
From: "Congress.org" <no-reply@congress.org>
To: "Congress.org" <no-reply@congress.org>
Sent: Tuesday, July 11, 2006 1:01 PM
Subject: Virtual Hearing on Immigration - Secure Borders First


> Thank you for using Congress.org Mail System
>
> Message sent to the following recipients:
> Governor Bush
> Representative Miller
> Senator Martinez
> Senator Nelson
> Mr. President
> Representative Sansom
> Senator Clary
> Message text follows:
>
> ROSS GREYBILL
> 322 CHICAGO AVE
> VALPARAISO FL, FL 32580-1322
>
>
> July 11, 2006
>
> [recipient address was inserted here]
>
>
> [recipient name was inserted here],
>
> HOW MUCH GREED IS NEEDED , HOW MUCH MONEY DOES THESE "BIG BUINESS"
> CORPERATIONS NEED BEFORE THEIR THIRST IS QUENCHED AT THE COST OF AMERICA?
> STOP THIS INSANITY,.... THE PEOPLE HAVE SPOKEN..AND WILL BE HEARD, SECURE
> THE BORDERS, ENFORCE THE EXSISTING IMMIGRATION LAWS, AND DEPORT THESE
> CRIMINALS..WE HAVE MILLIONS WAITING IN LINE WHO WANT TO BECOME "LEGAL"
> HONEST AMERICAN CITIZENS...STOP THIS EXPLOITATION OF THESE ALIENS AND THE
> AMERICAN PUBLIC...THIS IS NOT A DEMOCRAT OR A GOP THING....ITS AN AMERICAN
> DEMAND... WE WANT OUR POLITICANS, WHO WE ELECTED INTO OFFICE TO DO THEIR
> JOBS...AND ENFORCE THEM..REMEMBER IN A DEMOCROCY ITS FOR THE PEOPLE BY THE
> PEOPLE?? EITHER WAY WE LL SEE IN NOVEMEMBER....
>                                                          SHOULD
> CONSTITUTIONAL OFFICERS-IN TOTAL DISREGARD OF THEIR OATH AND TO THE
> PRECEPTS  CONTAINED IN THE CONSTITUTION---WILLINGLY AND KNOWINGLY IGNORE
> THE PEOPLE AND THEREFORE JEOPARDIZE THE PEACE, TRANQUILTY, AND GENERAL
> WEFARE,--IT IS OUR DUTY AND OBLIGATION TO SET THESE WRONGS, RIGHT ONCE
> AGAIN.....
>                               THOMAS JEFFERSON....OUR CONSTITUTION (WHATS
> LEFT OF IT)
>
> Sincerely,
>
>
> ROSS GREYBILL
> 850 678 7955
>
> This message has been verified by CapwizXC as authentic and sent by this
> individual.  Authentication ID: [WLO29Di1]
>
>
>
>
> -- 
> No virus found in this incoming message.
> Checked by AVG Free Edition.
> Version: 7.1.394 / Virus Database: 268.9.10/384 - Release Date: 7/10/2006
>
> 

From:	Feuchs@aol.com
Sent:	Tuesday, July 11, 2006 2:31 PM
To:	chris.kielich@hq.doe.gov; samuel.bodman@hq.doe.gov
Cc:	jjb@nyserda.org; vad@deioriolawfirm.com; mwalsh@solcool.net; michael.ohlsen@dep.state.fl.us; Governor Jeb Bush; bob_noun@nrel.gov; brownma@ornl.gov; wood.jennifer@epa.gov
Subject:	"NYC Near-Zero Energy House", a DOE Opportunity
Attachments:	Goldman Sachs 6-28.doc; Manhattan Project II.doc; Mayor Michael Bloomberg.doc; Solar Bldg..jpg

Sec. Samuel W. Bodman, U.S. Dept. of Energy
 
NYC Mayor Michael Bloomberg is signatory to the US Mayors Climate Protection Agreement. I have requested NYC provide a site for the assembly of a commercially viable "Near-Zero Energy House" in Manhattan which would serve as an educational tool plus apprise the investment community of opportunities associated with combating global warming.The collective technologies are intended to be mass-produced within a national program to assemble residential and commercial properties by affiliates of the US Green Building Council, a 6000 member organization. I am seeking your intervention in making this venue a success, which could lead to other Mayors sponsoring a similar exhibit across America, and production of a DVD, also intended for overseas distribution to bolster US image and open trade opportunities.
 
The building envelope specified is Five Star energy, Category Four hurricane wind and Class 1 fire-rated. A PV array will power a solar air conditioner which lowers energy requirements by some 75% over a modern 13 SEER rated unit. The equipment also  powers DC lighting and fans, and is an effective indoor pollution control. The unit also employs Phase Change Material (PCM) technology which is also imbedded in the wallboard. Water usage is also reduced and a wiring harness is specified. The furnishings "store" energy as well. The roofing is "permanent", made from 95% recycled material. Excess energy will be sold to participating utilities. Every product represented is available today. There is nothing experimental.
 
In conjunction with the DOE's Million Solar Roofs program we intend to introduce Dual Purpose structures which serve both as "Mini-Power Stations" and occupied as classrooms, businesses, franchises, public spaces, modernist's abode, etc. Maximizing solar array area is realized in the attached design suggestion, which should turn heads. Millions of such structures across America will diminish, even eliminate, the need and cost to build new coal-burning power plants, resulting in cleaner air and bluer skies, with building owners receiving a check in the mail since their electric meters are running backward.
 
I am have having difficulty in identifying participants to fund this objective. Few wish to take a lead. The State of Florida, the Sunshine State, has no meaningful energy policy, such as are available in CA and NY. Florida's two largest utilities likely feel threatened, and Con Ed in NY stated today that they will not participate.  This is modern David against Goliath story. 
 
US Treasury Sec. Henry Paulson, a staunch environmentalist, in his swearing in ceremony yesterday stated his..".top priority would be international issues...promote greater engagement in the world economy." America does not have a positive image in addressing environmental issues, ranking 45th as a "Protector of the Environment" and not ratifying the Kyoto Protocol Treaty.  I believe the Bush administration would benefit by aligning with our objectives. Please identify an existing means to support our goal. The timing is immediate.
 
Thank you for your cooperation.
 
Walter Feuchs
Positherm Building System (PBS)
P.O. Box 2715
Palm Beach, FL 3480
tel. 561.602.9198 (mobile)
fax 561.447.6804
 
From:	ross greybill <ross2vegas@peoplepc.com>
Sent:	Tuesday, July 11, 2006 2:36 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Cc:	APP
Subject:	Fw: Emailing: comment
Attachments:	banner1.jpg; spacer.gif; ad_paidtext.gif; banner3.jpg; left_top1.gif; left_writeOfficials.gif; left_enterZip.gif; left_byPeople.gif; left_forPeople.gif; election06.gif; spacer.gif; 20004.jpg_size=147x105; spacer.gif; but_bio_bio.gif_type=cs&color=000099; but_bio_sendmessage.gif_type=cs&color=000099; but_bio_comments_on.gif_type=cs&color=000099; megavotepromo.gif; soapbox5.gif; soapbox_up.gif; soapbox_down.gif

Congress.org
----- Original Message ----- 
From: ross greybill 
To: LBL 
Cc: ross greybill 
Sent: Tuesday, July 11, 2006 1:05 PM
Subject: Emailing: comment



            
                    
            
     
                 
                    a.. Home 
                      
                          
                 
           
              a.. President & Vice Pres. 
              b.. Congress 
              c.. Federal Agencies 
              d.. Supreme Court 
              e.. State Officials 
              f.. Local Officials 

           


              a.. Take Action on Issues 
              b.. Soapbox: Raise an Issue 
              c.. Hand Deliver Your Letters 
              d.. Read Letters to Leaders 

           


              a.. Power Rankings 
              b.. Vote Monitor 
              c.. Search Recent Votes 
              d.. Search Current Bills 
              e.. Add Us to Your Web Site 
              f.. Send to a Friend 
              g.. Capitol Hill Basics 
              h.. Media Guide 
              i.. Books on Congress 
              j.. Register to Vote 

           
              


           
      
                 
                   
                 President George W. Bush  
                             
                             
                       
                       
                                  
                                 
                                 
                                 
                                 
                                 
                                 
                                 
                                See Vice President 
                                 
                                See First Lady 
                             
                             
                             
                             
                        Soapbox Commentary (what's this?)  
                                 
                                This commentary was posted by an individual not affiliated with this site. (post your commentary)

                                Subject: 
                                Civil War...A Good Idea

                                June 29, 2006

                                Mr. President & Congress, 

                                It is well-known that ALL elected officials are to uphold the sovereign nation of the United States and it's citizens. So why are most of the Senators not listening to your constituency...U.S. citizens?? Instead, you all are too worried that the Hispanics "might not" vote for your party (whichever)if the border is enforced with a fence, and laws are enforced stopping illegals from working and staying in the U.S.

                                I know U.S. Citizens are completely disgusted with ALL OF GOVERNEMNT, because YOU are not listening to US!! From the President to the Senate. By the way, to reiterate, THAT IS YOUR JOB. It seems the only ones who know what WE THE PEOPLE want, is The House of Representatives. EVERYONE IN GOVERNMENT should listen to them!! I'm assuming, if in the end, the Congress passes some form of the Senate Bill on immigration, you will see a riot the likes of which will make the devestation of hurricane Katrina & Rita look pale, in comparson. Civil war, is something set forth in the Constitution. Something that is THE RESPONSIBILITY OF OUR CITIZENS not to let government control us, but for us to control government. This idea is something we hold true, and if you keep tampering with that, BAD THINGS WILL HAPPEN! 

                                There is to be NO NEGOTIATION FOR ILLEGALS TO STAY IN THE U.S.! Here is what the citizens want, just in case maybe you really don't know:

                                1. Immediate border enforcement & fence construction, across the WHOLE SOUTHERN BORDER.

                                2. Immediate enforcement of illegal-alien laws already on the books.

                                3. Arrest and deport ALL known illegal-alien criminals.

                                4. Substantial fines for ALL BUSINESSES hiring/employing illegal-aliens.

                                5. Immediate arrest of ALL illegal-aliens marching in OUR STREETS!

                                6. News coverage of the issue, from the AMERICAN CITIZENS perspective.

                                7. English be the official language of the United States.

                                8. Immediate reduction of Visas for foreigners, allowed to live, work, or go to school in the U.S.

                                THESE ARE THE DEMANDS OF THE CITIZENS OF AMERICA. LISTEN TO THEM, AND THE U.S. WILL CONTINUE TO FLOURISH. IGNORE THEM, AND CIVIL WAR WILL BE OUR DUTY.

                                Pass this on to EVERYONE IN GOVERNMENT, just to make sure you know exactly what we want in our country. 

                                Braintree, MA


                                Post your commentary




                                Related Issue Alerts:
                                . Tell Hastert to Stop Stalling! - Illinois Coalition for Immigrant and Refugee Rights  
                                . Virtual Hearing - Security Plus Citizenship - Congress.org  
                                . Virtual Hearing on Immigration - Secure Borders First - Congress.org  
                                . The Real Politics of Immigration: Amnesty & Secret Ballot Protection Act - National Alliance for Worker and Employer Rights  
                                . Amnesty Republicans create new wave of forced unionism; - National Alliance for Worker and Employer Rights  
                                . Tell Congressional Candidates to REJECT Amnesty for Illegal Aliens - Conservative Alerts  
                                . House to Hold "Field Hearings" - National Council of Agricultural Employers  
                                . Contact Your Representative to Support Comprehensive Immigration Reform - Justice for Immigrants: A Journey of Hope. The Catholic Campaign for Immigration Reform  
                                . Phone Your Representative to Support Comprehensive Immigration Reform - Justice for Immigrants: A Journey of Hope. The Catholic Campaign for Immigration Reform  
                                . Phone Your Senators Regarding Their Vote on the Comprehensive Immigration Reform Act of 2006 - Justice for Immigrants: A Journey of Hope. The Catholic Campaign for Immigration Reform  
                                more action alerts...  
                                 
                                 
                             
                             
                       
                  
                   
                 
            
                        Issues raised by the people.
                        Post yours on Soapbox! 
                 
                  More Soapbox alerts  
                       
                 
                        America: Freedom to Fascism - Part 1 - IL
                        viewed 0 times

                        Immagration - AZ
                        viewed 32 times

                        How Many Will Sit By & Watch This Nation Die? - OK
                        viewed 39 times

                        Whose Victory Fallen One? - IL
                        viewed 17 times

                        Global Warming Without Al Gore - FL
                        viewed 22 times

                        Clinton Vs. Bush in China: The Asian Peril/ Hillary Clinton and Blood Diamonds/Lieberman and Jfk - CA
                        viewed 159 times

                        Sweet Victory Can Turn So Sour - ME
                        viewed 132 times

                        Secure Our Borders First - CT
                        viewed 281 times

                        Sweet Victory - PA
                        viewed 252 times

                        Bill Clinton, Monica Lewinsky, The Mossad, Mega, and Rahm Emmanuel...plus, What Ever Happened to Ron Brown? - CA
                        viewed 293 times

                        Hillary Clinton: Where Does She Stand on What Her Husband Did with the School of the Americas? - CA
                        viewed 336 times

                        The Real Assault on America - CA
                        viewed 350 times

                        Are There Any Brave Men in This Country? - CA
                        viewed 293 times

                        La Raza - Racist Organization - CA
                        viewed 373 times

                        What's Become of Americans? - CA
                        viewed 383 times

                        Tyrant: Unfit to Rule a Free People - CA
                        viewed 381 times

                        Are Brits in the Same Situation We Are In? - CA
                        viewed 276 times

                        Same-Sex Marriage - NY
                        viewed 251 times

                        U.S. Can Leave Iraq By 08/08/08 or Before, but 1 More Death = 1 More Day - CA
                        viewed 224 times

                        What to Do? - CA
                        viewed 241 times

                        Rahm Emanuel: What is He Doing, If Anything, To Help Phil Angelides Become Governor of California? - CA
                        viewed 230 times

                        Thanks Be to God!! 7-7-06 - TX
                        viewed 305 times

                        John Kerry and God and Man at Yale: What's Up? - CA
                        viewed 339 times

                        Goverment By the Corrupt for the Corrupt Must Change! - OK
                        viewed 459 times

                        John Kerry is Not Qualified to Protect Veterans or Women - CA
                        viewed 357 times

                        Governmental Treatment of Military Retiree's - MO
                        viewed 251 times

                        Nevada Government is Corrupt - NV
                        viewed 225 times

                        Come on America! Outlawing Horse Slaughter in the U.S. Is Overdue! - AZ
                        viewed 301 times

                        God Told You to Become President and Attack Al-Queda Huh? - GA
                        viewed 418 times

                        Pres. Bush - "The Illusionist" - IL
                        viewed 367 times

                        Senate Bill Disarms Law Enforcement - IL
                        viewed 283 times

                        Time to Overturn Feres - OH
                        viewed 244 times

                        Don't Expext Lower Gas Prices Anytime Soon. - TX
                        viewed 325 times

                        Public Morality Doesn't Override the Constitution - CA
                        viewed 415 times

                        Martin Luther King, Jr., National Historic Site - CA
                        viewed 226 times

                        Official Recognition of the Little Shell Tribe - MT
                        viewed 206 times

                        Pension Reform - WA
                        viewed 318 times

                        How Can Bush Stand By Israel When Our Prisons Are Full with Murderers and Child Abductors? - CA
                        viewed 429 times

                        Stem Cells Treatment - FL
                        viewed 243 times

                        Our Country in Trouble? - TX
                        viewed 434 times

                        How the Patriot Act Compares to Hitler's Enabling Act - CA
                        viewed 754 times

                        Martin Luther King, Jr., National Historic Site - CA
                        viewed 313 times

                        Corruption in Nevada Government - NV
                        viewed 400 times

                        "I Don't Know Captain Scott Speicher" - FL
                        viewed 500 times

                        The Phony "War on Terror" - CA
                        viewed 805 times

                        Defense/Military - AZ
                        viewed 398 times

                        "The U.S. Troops Don't Support the Constitution" From a Gulf War 1 Vet - AZ
                        viewed 548 times

                        Www.globalcrier.blogspot.com/ - NY
                        viewed 294 times

                        The Bush Family Terrorist ! - FL
                        viewed 872 times

                       
                        See more..  
                 

                  More Soapbox alerts  
                        
           
     
     
--------------------------------------------------------------------------
            © 2006 Capitol Advantage LLC.
            About Us   Contact Us   Frequently Asked Questions   Privacy Policy   Terms of use 
            To update or correct any information on this site please contact our Research Department 

           
      



--------------------------------------------------------------------------------


No virus found in this incoming message.
Checked by AVG Free Edition.
Version: 7.1.394 / Virus Database: 268.9.10/384 - Release Date: 7/10/2006
From:	William L. Thomson Jr. <wlt@obsidian-studios.com>
Sent:	Tuesday, July 11, 2006 2:41 PM
To:	president@whitehouse.gov
Cc:	Governor Jeb Bush; Kravitz, Dick; secretaryofstate@dos.state.fl.us; ywt@cnn.com; inquiries@un.org; office2@hebron.org.il; letters@dailystar.com.lb; mail@btselem.org; feedback@mfa.gov.il
Subject:	Who's picking up the tab

Ok, the US, EU, Japan and others have spent money re-building
Palestinian infrastructure that was previously destroyed.

http://today.reuters.com/business/newsarticle.aspx?type=tnBusinessNews&storyID=nL1130588&pageNumber=0&imageid=&cap=&sz=13&WTModLoc=BizArt-C1-ArticlePage3

Now Israel has destroyed it again on the premises that it was being used
by militants, terrorists, or assisting either. If that is the case, is
the US, EU, and Japan not funding terrorism?

I doubt money would have been given for infrastructure projects that
would help terrorists in any way, aside from indirectly. If the
infrastructure Israel has destroyed really made a difference. The
situation would be over by now.

In fact it only made it worse on two fronts. Israel knows the US, EU,
and etc are not sending funds till Hamas recognizes Israel. By
destroying the infrastructure again as they have repeatedly in the past.
Israel knows it won't be rebuilt any time soon. They can then use
collective punishment as a political pressure tactic under the false
pretense of saving their soldier. Shameful, and disgraceful to the
captured soldier.

Now even more of are in harms way. Another Israeli soldier has already
lost their live. Countless Palestinians are suffering both in Gaza, West
Bank, and in Israeli jails. Even more arrested outside of the officials,
like some 750 illegally living in Israel. In the last month.

It's summer, it's hot over there, they need A/C at a min. Not just food
and clean water. If they have those still.

This lunacy has to stop. At a minimum, regardless of the outcome of the
current crisis. Israel should be 100% liable for the destruction they
have done. They should pay to re-build, what the US, EU, Japan and
others had already paid to re-build.

Israel needs to pick up the tab.

-- 
Sincerely,
William L. Thomson Jr.
Obsidian-Studios, Inc.
http://www.obsidian-studios.com

From:	Alex Szabo <alex@alex-szabo.com>
Sent:	Tuesday, July 11, 2006 2:39 PM
To:	'Wilson, Elizabeth'; Robyn Barineau
Cc:	Governor Jeb Bush; Mack Mcclain
Subject:	RE: Request for help

Importance:	High

Dear Ms. Barineau,

Regarding the impending case of Mrs. Vina Mclain and our previous
conversations, I have personally attempted to secure an "audit trail" at
your behest of Mrs. Mclain's name change directly through the Immigration
and Naturalization Service (INS) by calling their contact phone number.

While expending more time and finally talking with a Federal Agent who
identified himself as Chris Agent # 2378; the United States Government does
not facilitate providing Naturalized Citizens with copies of their original
Naturalization Application (i.e. Document N-400 you cited earlier today
which was the form she would have had to have filed).

Their official position remains steadfast. THE NATURALIZATION CERTIFICATE IS
THE LEGAL POINT AT WHICH THE NAME CHANGE OCCURRED. That statement therefore
becomes axiomatic and sacrosanct to this citizen. In my estimation, no lower
authority may have any superseding rule in this matter. According to the
same aforementioned form N-400; subsection D; the question states: Name
change (optional); Please read the Instructions before you decide to whether
to change your name. (1) Would you like to change your name? (Y/N); 2. If
"Yes," Print new name you would like to use. Do not use initials or
abbreviations when writing your name.

When you stated earlier to me that a certified copy of the N-400 would
suffice, what logic supports the notion that an application for any request
of any governmental agency has a greater precedence or priority as opposed
to the final issued legal document that is recognized world-wide? Does not
the actual certificate prove beyond any reasonable doubt, the authenticity
or veracity of this citizen and licensed barber? 

I also verified your earlier assertion that Mrs. Mclain can renew under her
birth name; that claim on your part, appears to be flawed. According to each
and every source of reference I checked, the fact that the USA and the State
of Florida and her local municipality recognizes her as Vina Mclain and
because the DBPR agent that Mrs. Mclain dealt with earlier stated that she
CAN NOT apply under her birth name for renewal, raises more doubts about
your statement as she is no longer that person.

I think that this matter is clear and simple. Unless there is a question as
to the authenticity of the actual Naturalization Certificate, then this
citizen would ask that you proceed with the renewal process straightway so
that she does not miss her deadline of July 31, 2006; if this applicant is
in good standings with your department (which I believe her to be). In this
instance, if a question remains as the veracity of either the Federal
Government; Government Branch (DBPR) (Driver's License) or citizen Mclain
making claims, one fact remains persistent; Mrs. Mclain is recognized by the
Federal Government; the State of Florida; and the County of Duval - but not
the DBPR. That is what logic prescribes to me. Either way, this matter is
resolved and simple to move forward with.

If I am incorrect by having missed some valuable point you made earlier,
then please forgive me and appraise me immediately. As before, I am simply
attempting to help a neighbor. Since you also stated that you have evidence
contrary to my claim, were you able to sanitize the document you described
so that I may see its notation and point of origin?

Since you also indicated you are out of pocket from the end of day today
until next Monday, I would like to see the momentum of this renewal process
continue forward (despite your absence) so that Mrs. Mclain does not miss
out in life.

What are the next steps and what should I tell Mrs. Mclain? I anxiously
await your response. Thanks in advance.


Best regards,
Alex Szabo

=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=
Alex Szabo, Information Technology & Business Consultant
1119 Knobb Hill Drive
Jacksonville FL 32221
Voice: (904) 781-0502 Fax: (904) 781-0044

Rebellion against tyrants is obedience to God - Ben Franklin
 
They that can give up essential liberty to obtain a little temporary safety 
deserve neither liberty nor safety. - Ben Franklin
 =-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=
-----Original Message-----
From: Wilson, Elizabeth [mailto:Elizabeth.Wilson@dbpr.state.fl.us] 
Sent: Monday, July 10, 2006 11:34 AM
To: alex@alex-szabo.com
Subject: FW: Request for help

Dear Mr. Szabo,

On behalf of Department of Business and Professional Regulation (DBPR)
Secretary Simone Marstiller, thank you for the opportunity to respond to
your email to Governor Jeb Bush, concerning the problems Ms. Mclain has
encountered while attempting to renew her barber license.  Governor Bush
forwarded your email to DBPR for response as we license and regulate
barbers.

I am truly sorry there has been confusion regarding Ms. Mclain's barber
license, and I want to assure you that department staff, including the
Executive Director of the Barbers Board, Robyn Barineau, are thoroughly
reviewing Ms. Mclain's file. Ms. Barineau has informed me that she
personally tried to reach you via telephone without success.  Please
call Ms. Barineau at 850.922.6096 at your earliest convenience, so that
she may assist you in resolving Ms. Mclain's issues.

Thank you for bringing this matter to our attention.

Sincerely, 

Elizabeth Wilson
Internal Affairs Manager
Office of Communications
Department of Business and Professional Regulation
850.922.8981
Elizabeth.Wilson@dbpr.state.fl.us

-----Original Message-----
From: Alex Szabo [mailto:alex@alex-szabo.com]
Sent: Wednesday, July 05, 2006 9:18 PM
To: Governor Jeb Bush
Cc: Mack Mcclain
Subject: Request for help
Importance: High


My Dear Governor Jeb,

I trust all is well with you and your family.

My neighbor's; Mack & Vina Mclain are a young married couple that lives
across the street from me (along with their new daughter, Livia). I
write
you on behalf of Mrs. Mclain to inform you of her plight and to
potentially
enlist your direct help. 

Mrs. Mclain is a licensed barber under the Florida Department of
Business &
Professional Regulation (DBPR) and whose license up for routine and
recurring renewal by the end of this month. Unfortunately, Mrs. Mclain's
attempt to renew her professional license since last April has been meet
with numerous bureaucratic debacles and resistance on the part of this
department upon my initial review of her documentation. 

Mrs. Mclain's license was originally issued under her birth name prior
to
her acquiring her citizenship. Her initial name change occurred at the
time
she became a citizen of the U.S.A. during her Naturalization Ceremony on
September 17, 2004. Immediately after that event she was issued a United
States Passport. Subsequent to that event was her marriage in which
[again]
her surname changed due to marriage and duly recorded officially and
made a
part of public record. In addition, she possesses a valid Florida
Driver's
license issued under her current legal name.

Mrs. Mclain submitted all required documentation requested of her
including
fees (taxation) levied against her so that she may pursue prosperity
within
her regulated profession in her current legal name. She has submitted
all
documentation copies when requested.

At this time, the DPBR has suspended the entire renewal process in lieu
of
requesting a certified copy for a Petition for Name Change from the
Immigration and Naturalization Service, a completely unnecessary and
inconsequential request on their part. The only sequence of events this
demand shall spawn is (a) cost this young couple another $250 (plus)
dollars; (b) expiration of license and thusly requiring additional fees
from
the normal renewal fees; (c) loss of time and wages to chase an
inaccessible
reply to a nebulous request; (d) loss of potential wages due to
inability to
practice profession.

To recap; the United States of America recognizes Vina (at every
junction);
the State of Florida recognizes Vina (as a driver); but NOT the DBPR.
For
you see, their authority supersedes the authority of the United States
government by undue delay for the renewal of this citizens license in
favor
of delays for unessential and nonsensical demands. DBPR make the
statement
of request, the United States Government tells her that her
Naturalization
Papers are sufficient. 

If I am having difficulty digesting this request, who is she supposed to
believe? I find a great deal of humor on one side of this equation in
the
application of logic and disdain on the other side for the incongruence
of
logic. Moreover, wasn't this issue ultimately settled back when Lee
surrendered to Grant?

The DBPR has NOT listened to the fact that this name change occurred at
the
time of the naturalization ceremony and that no such petition exists.

If you were in my shoes, how would you advise this neighbor? 

I anxiously look forward to your reply.

My Best regards,
Alex Szabo

=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-
=-=
Alex Szabo, Information Technology & Business Consultant
1119 Knobb Hill Drive
Jacksonville FL 32221
Chairman District 12 - Duval County Republican Executive Committee
Representative 12A - Duval County Republican Executive Committee
Voice: (904) 781-0502 Fax: (904) 781-0044

Rebellion against tyrants is obedience to God - Ben Franklin

They that can give up essential liberty to obtain a little temporary
safety
deserve neither liberty nor safety. - Ben Franklin
=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-
=-=



From:	donna/rickhancock <rdhan12@bellsouth.net>
Sent:	Tuesday, July 11, 2006 2:25 PM
To:	Bill or Susan Woods; fritz vonammon; suzie von ammon; jeff sowards; Jon Semmes; dan rutkowski; jerry rogers; treva robinson; sue ann reichelt; ron mcandrew; Paul Marraffino; soren kragh; louise kenny; Ron Horlick; mary ann hilton; maggie hendrix; sandy haynes; valerie hanchar; jackie gorman; tom gaitanis; pat gabriel; burt eno; richard deadman; Cretul, Larry; jeani cowan; Rainbow River Conservation; Marlene Conaway; Cohen, Thaddeus; colleen castille; carole byron; Governor Jeb Bush; keith baxter; Barbara RRC; Carolyn Alter
Subject:	save our tax money!

The Department of Community Affairs and other state agencies have rejected the Comprehensive Plan amendments submitted by the City of Dunnellon on behalf of the developer, Rainbow River Ranch.

 

Even though notified that this plan is out of compliance, Dunnellon City Council continues to defy these state agencies, and is proceeding to mediation. They are using your tax dollars to defend this plan on behalf of the developer.

 

They are tying up the City Attorney and City Staff, wasting time and money to help a private interest while preventing other citizens from participating in the mediation process.

 

While mediating away the public interest and protections along the Rainbow River as outlined by DCA, your City Council will be using taxpayer money to do so. How long do you think they would fight for this development plan using their own money?

 

You might want to ask them.

 

Rainbow River Conservation members and other individuals are contributing their own funds to defend the public interest and the Rainbow River against this “terrible” plan.

 

If members of Dunnellon City Council believe in this plan so much, perhaps they too should contribute their own money to defend the developer, and stop using public funds to do so.

 

And, if they won't, that should tell you all you need to know about the validity of this plan.

 

regards

rick

 

From:	Faith Van Hoven <faithvanhoven@yahoo.com>
Sent:	Tuesday, July 11, 2006 2:32 PM
To:	JVanHov97@aol.com; faithvanhoven@yahoo.com; eliasfaith@aol.com; eliasfaiths@yahoo.com; elijahwon@hotmail.com; urtimelessnow@yahoo.com; 0lib@mail.nih.gov; postmaster@euro.who.int; p.baird@surveillanceissues.com; probate@co.pinellas.fl.us; sch-info@mail.uch.org; southeastern0@yahoo.com; southeastern111@yahoo.com; southeastern115@yahoo.com; sylvia_sanders@doh.state.fl.us; mich dmv; michael sarvis; albuquerque@fbi.gov; ask_the_sheriff@sheriff.org; atfmail@atf.gov; azgov@az.gov; Driv. Lic Advocate; ecb@secretservice.gov; eleanor@raven1.net; eagle.eyes@pentagon.af.mil; fccinfo@fcc.gov; feedback@haaretz.co.il; Governor Jeb Bush; garcia.juventino@kirtland.af.mil; gordonorman@yahoo.com; governor@governor.oregon.gov; gsapplications@un.org; hrwatcheu@skynet.be; htips@os.dhhs.gov; info@americanbible.org; info@drawbridgetoeurope.com; info@kennedylaw.com; info@usafreedomcorps.gov; info@qlaw.com; lworsham@flabar.org; MSP_Webmaster@michigan.gov; zpd@ci.zeeland.mi.us; questions@wsp.wa.gov; rangers@txdps.state.tx.us; thirdcrc@chartermi.net; thitchco.@wearethehope.org; timeless@inbox.com; tyabina@corp.mail.ru; vertretung@los.rep.admin.ch; vbrand@flabar.org; vicepresident@whitehouse.gov; volunteers@un.org; viewpoints@tuftsdaily.com; webmaster@chp.ca.gov; welsh@dcn.davis.ca.us; Cheryl Welsh
Subject:	NEWS!! ALERT TEST yourself, bible proof of sound /elec.war, congressional updates
Attachments:	2278331315-device vs. disease symptom differentiation test, germ warfare, SARS.jpg; [REDACTED]-test page 2.jpg; 2419333013-test page 3.jpg; 3127568460-test page 4.jpg; 2939269442-test page 5 of 6.jpg; 2233225157-test page 6.jpg; 1782630038-i.d. , coma damage shown of hearing loss, stpbchpd vol., an ID you  can have too..jpg

I got this letter from the organization  who asked me 
to speak to the DC rally, make a congressional
package,
etc. Here is his update below. I also found that the
bible had a real nugget in it on A OLD YET NEW SOUND
WAR . THE SHAKES CAN MAKE YOU SHAKE...including with
Parkinson's disease per Dr. Wm. Ross Adey and the
http://www.newdawnmagazine.com/articles/Brain%20
Zapping1,htn1m 4/1/03 by Jason Jeffry.Adey was given
the Hans Seyle award and knows how to entrain the
algorythms of the brainwaves so at 10 mHz of
Electromagnetic radiation (EM), they can hypnotise the
mind as well. A SMART GUN won't fire unnless it
recodnizes your 'grip' on it . A doll will answer only
to the new mommy's voice once 'it hears it 5-6 times'.
The neurophone operates on controlling the EEG
patterns. Light Relief offers pain relief with digital
lightwaves. I am concerned that the sound recognition
hardware, the word recognition, note recognition can
also literally enable behavior modification of wrong
uses as the web says we know we now have.
Enclosed , attached, is a test to see if you are
affected by a disease, a device induced symptom or
germwarfare or SARS. A few soltuions and contacts are
on the last page. I have the same test in simple
listed
symnptoms per heading if that is easier for you to
test  yourself.
The score sheet can be seen on a earlier email.
There are 70 symptoms for EM/radiowave sickness,
7 for SARS, 26 for Anthrax, 11 for pneumonia, 27 for
Sarin, 79 for infrasound , 79 for ultrasound, 34 for
ELF, 61 common complaints for electronic assaults
noted in Bi-Sleep Forum, 72 for Vibroacoustic disease
that is  noise induced, 45 listed for
E-harrassment.com, 29 for the FLU, so called '50' for
a mental condition that is really best seen as a RF,
HSS, neurophone/eeg transmitter type of concoction?,
Chronic Fatigue syndrome as 25, Fibromyalgia has 39,
Gulf War Syndrome has 34, prisoners who do not know
they have a implant or more lists 32 symptoms. My
scores were 61/70, 5/7, 24/26, 11/11, 25/27, 66/79,
66/79, 20/34, 53/61, 41/72, 45/45, 26/29, --, 16/25,
27/39, 20/34. 16/32. Many nurses say they have every
symptom of the disease studied. Is that by neurophone,
eeg tranmitter ? Jo Anne Morris, 813-391-4100 said
every dr. and every nurse hears a tone in the ear that
directs behaviors. That is a smirnov device. A nruse
met recently affirmed this. Cindy Wright. Drs. kill
996 a day. Is that why? PC induced decisions?
The exact symptoms of a mis used neurophone or EEG
transmitter are yet to be researched. Ex. if they give
a shot in the heart while a person is attached to a
EEG machine after an accident, or use a topography
signal as USSR to do so, (LEO , NOAA), this is
transmittable just as Telemedx does on the phone lines
with NO doctor present needed or appt. needed to do
so.

I feel that this newer field will produced symptoms
that  are identical to that above since the RF, HSS,
EM, DEW, ES, etc. all make the brainwave pattern
atltered. My concern is that the altared people can be
altEred people by hidden uses of these devices as
simple as sitting at the trojan horse pc, tv, phone,
etc. You can now die just for answering the phone or
fall as Bush did by his tv watching football or 700
fall at once into seizures from Pokemon in Japan. This
may well be the 'prevailing against the saints'
foretold in God's Word, THE 'by peace, he destroys
many' (menE with unheard sounds of infrasound and
ultrasound)
I was astounded to see that Isa. 30:30-32 fits so well
with the new technology of a voice changer . I says
the voice of the Lord shall beat down the Assyrian,(
end time figure) , just as Dan. 11:17's she does .  IT
SAYS AND IN EVERY PLACE THAT THE GROUNDED STAFF SHALL
PASS, IT SHALL BE WITH TABRETS AND HARPS, AND IN THE
BATTLES OF SHAKING WILL HE FIGHT WITH IT.
BATTLES OF SHAKING, INFRASOUND AND ULTRASOUND LASERS
OF STAR WARS ARE VERY OLD INDEED.
Ezek. 3: 24 also says that a voice can be like
Zechariahs' for the Lord's useage - to speak or not
to.
That may include alterations. It is a sign of Isa.
8:18 if this occurs with your children perhaps. Isa.
25 says to use the HEAT and a dark cloud to brin g
down the noise of strangers. 
Anyway, that Dan. 11:17 she can also be the Joel 2
reference of a mantle for everyone who wants one. ALL
flesh means just that. He is not willing that any
should perish.
That she can be us as the bride of Christ, as Israel.
The forecasting devices of today are the schwitzgebel
machine, LIDA machine, smirnov device, and other
psychocorrection tools.
BUT..  Edom and Moab and Ammon escape him with the
same forecasting devices of Dan. 11:24-6 
The voice of the day of the Lord is ntoed in Zeph.1:14
The voice changer  can also fulfill Rev. 4:1, and ch.
11 where John heard voices, from an unseen source. II
Peter talks of the Balaam's donkey given a man's
voice.  I wonder of a voice changer in use on the
phone
since others say it does not sound right. 727 410 4194
has a version of  'my voice'. It sounds twice thru a
changer to me when the phone has more volume. 

A girl can now sound like an old man for 19.95 on a
keychain...or 650.00 can do a wireless one to a stolen
access speaker as it were. Just being near metal
enables the antique digital lightwave technology of
Paul and Daniel for SOLO hearing/unseen source. (the
kind of microwave hearing of 1961 Dr.Alan Frey and
Jose Delgado, James C Llyn, P. Persinger, etc.)My
dentist says he has non stop clickers, chirps, tones,
hisses clicking, etc. That can come from leakign
microwave equipment or towers, etc. sound heard behind
you is called Microwave hearing . THIS is in Isa. 30. 
You shall hear a word behind you saying.....
If you have a sound war, 
The solution to a noise war is in Isa. 25 from Isa. 17
notation of a noisy nation at war. 
HERE IS THE UPDATE=====================
Date: Mon, 10 Jul 2006 13:25:14 -0700 (PDT) 
From:  "Gordon Ormand" <gordonormand@yahoo.com>  Add
to Address Book  Add Mobile Alert 
Yahoo! DomainKeys has confirmed that this message was
sent by yahoo.com. Learn more 
Subject: Update on the third meeting with a
Legislative Counsel. 
To:  gordonormand@yahoo.com 
    
UPDATE ON THE THIRD MEETING WITH A LEGISLATIVE COUNSEL
 
On July 5, a Legislative Counsel to a prominent
Congressman exchanged ideas with twelve of our
professionals during a very informative conference
call.
 
Some credentials of our group members include a
retired FBI Senior Special Agent In Charge, scientist,
Ph.D., former Department of Defense employee, former
Army intelligence officer, engineer, two attorneys,
paralegal, legislation writers and editors.  Many of
us are advocates for law enforcement reform,
government reform, civil rights, privacy rights,
and/or human rights.
 
The participants were Ted Gunderson, Alfred Webre,
Eleanor White, Robert Duncan, Mary Ann Stratton, Jim
McCue, Krissi Stull, Bob Starrett, Barbara Bryer,
Julianne McKinney, Derrick Robinson, and Gordon
Ormand.
 
 
TOPICS OF INTEREST TO THE LEGISLATIVE COUNSEL
 
In June, proposed legislation and new ideas were
presented to legislative assistants in 22
congressional meetings.  The package was also
delivered to the offices of most other members of
Congress.  On the July 5 conference call, the
Legislative Counsel focused on the following select
areas of our legislative efforts:      
 
1.  The Counsel opened the discussion by confirming
the need to raise awareness and educate the public.
 
2.  He requested copies of existing state laws about
the misuse of electronic weapons and related
technology.  Local, state, federal, and international
laws will be furnished.
 
3.  The House of Representatives and Senate
unanimously passed the “Securing Aircraft Cockpits
Against Lasers Act of 2005.”  
 
(Note:  In June, the Counsel asked us to help write a
narrow definition that describes other electronic
devices or electronic weapons that could have a more
serious impact on aircraft.  This type of technology
should be prohibited from being aimed at or used
against aircraft, airports, related facilities, flight
crew, bystanders, and/or passengers.  
 
Terrorists or criminals that possess, or may possess
these weapons in the future, could disrupt the airline
industry.  Our version of the proposed legislation
will also address surveillance and the misuse of
technology by individuals or groups, private or
government contractors, as well as active or retired
law enforcement, the military, and/or intelligence
personnel.  
 
The Counsel said that Congress should have very little
opposition to passing this legislation about
electronic devices or electronic weapons, which
improves airline and passenger safety.
 
Ten professionals with a wide range of backgrounds are
helping to write the narrow definition for new
legislation.  If you would like to help on this
project, contact Gordon Ormand at
gordonormand@yahoo.com.)
 
4.  Additional information was requested about
organized group stalking or gang stalking.  This topic
received more discussion time than many other
subjects.
 
(Note:  If you would like to help on this project,
contact Eleanor White at eleanor@shoestringradio.net.)
 
5.  The Counsel was interested in former Senator John
Glenn’s bill that was titled “Human Research Subject
Protections Act of 1997.”  Our legal team recommended
an easier approach to pass similar legislation, which
may achieve the same results.
A.  At this time, opposition in Congress makes it
difficult to pass the two complex bills in the
proposed legislation about involuntary human
experiments, electronic weapons, and related
technology.
B.  The proposed legislation asked for “repeal” of
sections of two United States Code laws that allow the
testing of chemical agents, biological agents, or
electronic equipment on a civilian population.  The
word “repeal” was used incorrectly in the proposed
legislation.
C.  A more comprehensive strategy and a better choice
of words is to “amend” the two laws to correct the
current deficiencies.
 
(Note:  In drafting amendments to the United States
Code, model legislation will include sections of the
Human Research Subject Protections Act of 1997, the
Space Preservation Act, the Space Preservation Treaty,
and the comprehensive bill written by Carolyn.  Your
suggestions about this new legal strategy are
encouraged.  Contact information for the coordinator
of this project will be provided in a few days.)
 
6.  The Counsel advised us that he will call the
office of Representative Dennis Kucinich for more
information regarding the status of the Space
Preservation Act of 2005, H.R. 2420, and to discuss a
strategy to get more support for the bill.  
 
(Note:  Suggestions from volunteers about the best
plan for communications with Representative Kucinich’s
office should be directed to attorney Alfred Webre and
his committee.  Sample letters will be written in the
near future that each of us can use to fax and email
to appropriate politicians.  If you would like to help
on this project, contact Alfred at
alw@peaceinspace.com.)
 
7.  Cheryl Welsh suggested in the proposed legislation
that the General Accounting Office (GAO) and the
Congressional Research Service (CRS) can be authorized
by Congress to conduct studies and provide reports
about human experiments, electronic weapons, and
related topics.  He found Cheryl’s suggestion to be
quite worthwhile.  In his opinion, the GAO is probably
the more responsive agency.  We will write a list of
topics to include in a congressional request for the
GAO and CRS studies.
 
(Note:  If you would like to help on this project,
contact Gordon Ormand at gordonormand@yahoo.com.)
 
8.  An important phrase used by the Counsel was “hard
government evidence.”
 
(Note: This advice restates the position of many
activists.  It is better to provide verifiable
information to government officials, the media,
friends, and family.  Personal stories should be saved
for the investigation phase.  Our writers will provide
several letters and reports that you are encouraged to
fax and email to your three politicians before the
election.)   
 
Other related topics including the urgent need for new
enforcement were also discussed.
 
Several one page follow up reports and proposed
legislation will be submitted in the near future to
the Legislative Counsel.
 
The very productive conference call concluded with an
expectation that communications would continue.
 
 
IMPORTANT ADDITIONAL INFORMATION
 
Volunteers are needed to form committees for ten or
more projects.  An email will be sent to you in a few
days requesting help with writing reports,
legislation, letters for activists to send to their
three politicians before the election, research
projects, a tentative schedule, etc.  If there is a
project in the next email that interests you, the
contact information for some of the committee
coordinators will be provided.                        
   
 
Another important step this week is communication with
a different legislative assistant who suggested
talking with staff members from five other offices to
determine the best way to proceed.  In the June
meetings, three additional individuals also expressed
an interest in helping to start an investigation.
 
For more information, please join us on the Saturday
night conference call, or wait for the second email in
a few days.
 
Thanks to many activists who helped on various
projects, the conference call, and the writing of this
announcement. 
 
Gordon
936-588-4538
gordonormand@yahoo.com 
 
Derrick
513-531-8873
dcr618@msn.com 


__________________________________________________
Do You Yahoo!?
Tired of spam?  Yahoo! Mail has the best spam protection around 
http://mail.yahoo.com 
From:	DON <wildcatbass@earthlink.net>
Sent:	Tuesday, July 11, 2006 2:19 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Labor shortage / illegal immigrants

 
Regarding the recently reported shortage of vegatable and fruit pickers as a result of illegal immigrants returning to Mexio because they are afraid of deportation,  it occured to me that we should use prisoners to fill the need, if not take over the entire job.  Also, this might be something for people to think about and act as a deterrent before they commit crimes. In this way, prisoners could earn their keep. 
 
I would appreicate a response with your thoughts on this matter.
 
Sincerely
 
Don Cox
New Port Richey
 
From:	jc purdy <jcpurdy5001@yahoo.com>
Sent:	Tuesday, July 11, 2006 2:00 PM
To:	bill aruora christian camp; ves Spindler (after Bob) walden shores; judi taylor; marie joseph; beth village green
Cc:	fla senator; assist adam putman congressman; barbara wallace; bob & joan graff; pat & bob blosser; david montgomery; bob cerat, pres Walden Shores; elsa comas; elsie delaplane; environmental protection; elizabeth office; mel & mary ellen mills; norma & ed Prieto; Governor Jeb Bush; JOHN SCALES; ralph & josie rucinski; landol landol; angel merced; manny & naomi ruiz; rob & peg marquis; ted & millie sidorski; Virginia & Marshall Brown; jim sacarello
Subject:	proposed development

Hello all,
I have just heard from Sarah at Polk County Land Development with the news that nothing has been submitted for approval on the property known as PD06-17, where the developer, Sun Holdings, had proposed to build over 600 single family homes.  She will notify us if a new proposal is submitted.
At this time, I feel it is in the best interest of all of us as neighbors to this property, that we use every means at our disposal to encourage the county to incorporate this land with the Sumica preserve.  Ves and Marie, I ask you to possibly get together and contact the State or County and ask if the owner donated this land if he could or would get any kind of tax break.  The owner must also be met with to see if there would be any arrangement he would be ameanable to.  He is the only one who can request a zoning change if this is a direction we could go?
There is still much work to be done if we do not want a development of that type (or worse) to go in there.  The zoning has put a bulls eye on that property even though it doesn't comply with the surrounding communities or the county comprehensive plan.  Most anything over the "comp" plan would destroy the habitat of endangered species, plants, and wetland.
Any assistance anyone can give would be greatly appreciated.
Thank you.
Chris Purdy, Secretary
Lakeshore Homeowners Association

__________________________________________________
Do You Yahoo!?
Tired of spam? Yahoo! Mail has the best spam protection around 
http://mail.yahoo.com 
From:	Dt2ra711@aol.com
Sent:	Tuesday, July 11, 2006 1:53 PM
To:	jfisher@unitederp.com
Cc:	A.JOSEPH.DENUCCI@SAO.STATE.MA.US; Chairman@gop.com; Governor Jeb Bush; mary_e_ryan@adp.com; Rothman@aol.com; LEEPEDOTO@aol.com; JJmd123@cs.com
Subject:	[*] Re: (no subject)

Judith,
 
Terrific!
 
My take on the Middle Eastern situation as I recently explained to someone at our principal meeting in Hackensack.
 
"We cannot, as our people, support the objectives of John Wayne Elect in the White House if they will not understand it.
Recently Fox 5 had an election for the 'Next American Idiot'.
He really exists and was fired as a baggage inspector in Newark because of the program and inattention to his job.
More people voted in that Election than in the Presidential Contest.
That is why am participating in our group.
I spent over 11 years at MIT as a Subcontractor to NASA straightening out blueprints, fractions Vs decimals, and that you just cannot have both at the same time. There was enough of that going on to provide me with a successful career."
And there is still more than enough.
Regards,
 
Erich
 
From:	Nancy Straus <nostraus45@aol.com>
Sent:	Tuesday, July 11, 2006 2:03 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Virtual Hearing - Security Plus Citizenship

Nancy Straus
2200 S. Palmetto Ave. #A-5
South Daytona, FL 32119-3041


July 11, 2006

The Honorable Jeb Bush
Governor of Florida
The Capitol, 400 S. Monroe St.
Tallahassee, FL 32399-0001


 Governor Bush:

The majority of illegal immigrants are law abiding, hard working people, 
not criminals.  Not only do industries (such as the orange industry here 
in FL) need them now, but in the coming 20 years as the baby boomers 
retire, their labor will be in even greater demand.  It is imperative that 
a path to FULL citizenship be a crucial part of the immigaration reform.

Sincerely,


Nancy Straus
386-304-6491

This message has been verified by CapwizXC as authentic and sent by this 
individual.  Authentication ID: [98oqojy5]


From:	michael walsh <walsheyus@yahoo.com>
Sent:	Tuesday, July 11, 2006 1:14 PM
To:	mgiulianti@hollywoodfl.org
Cc:	kwasserstrom@hollywoodfl.org; jcbrady@arnstein.com; dabbott@hollywoodfl.org; soliveri@hollywoodfl.org; pbober@hollywoodfl.org; bfurr@hollywoodfl.org; outburst@miamiherald.com; frusso@hollywoodfl.org; canderson@hollywoodfl.org; keith@hollywoodcounsel.com; icombrinckgraham@hollywoodfl.org; cbenson@hollywoodfl.org; jscarberry@hollywoodfl.org; fmcgarry@hollywoodfl.org; pcerny@hollywoodfl.org; sphillips@hollywoodfl.org; mjohns@hollywoodfl.org; greinfeld@hollywoodfl.org; thtasjustwrong@wsvn.com; pdoench@wplg.com; problemsolvers@local10.com; dbrooks@hollywoodfl.org; adiaz@hollywoodfl.org; mssmith@hollywoodfl.org; mmay@hollywoodfl.org; rnardello@hollywoodfl.org; cewagner@hollywoodfl.org; rrawls@hollywoodfl.org; Governor Jeb Bush; lwexler@broward.org; msantibanez@hollywoodfl.org; jvogt@hollywoodfl.org; acintron@hollywoodfl.org; gturek@hollywoodfl.org; dstabler@hollywoodfl.org; keith@corporatecounsel.com; pj_g@bellsouth.net; Newman, Rex; helpmehoward@wsvn.com; mpettit@hollywoodfl.org; mcannavan@hollywoodfl.org; pwallace@hollywoodfl.org
Subject:	Fwd: Request # 6126 has been received.
Attachments:	Request # 6126 has been received.

F.Y.I.  Ladies & Gentlemen.

Note: forwarded message attached.

  _____  

Do you Yahoo!?
Everyone is raving about the all-new Yahoo! Mail Beta.
From:	Kathy Fowler <kfowler@foodesignassociates.com>
Sent:	Tuesday, July 11, 2006 1:11 PM
To:	airhart@sunline.net
Cc:	Governor Jeb Bush; bcc@charlottefl.com; tom.d'aprile@charlottefl.com; sfoster@ci.punta-gorda.fl.us
Subject:	[*] Re: FW: Victimized by Hurricanes PLEASE READ

Importance:	High

Marilyn,
Please read, please........
I am writing again in hopes that someone out there can give our family a little guidance in handling the continued effects that Hurricane Charley is having on my parents. In brief my parents did find a contractor back in January of 2005 that would be able to repair the damage to their home caused by the hurricane. They actually started the process in mid-January and promised completion by the end of March (which then changed to first part of April). I am not sure if the contractor ever got the proper permits required for this or even if he got any inspections done (which are required in the state I reside in) for the work he actually did (which wasn't much work at all, since he never came back to finish what he started, stating he needed more upfront money to complete the project) While all this is going on my parents are having to rent a house to live in, keep making their mortgage and "increased" insurance payments along with storage faculties, amoung other living costs. Insurance claims were approved, however they would not issue claim payments as needed. Needless to say the contractor never returned to finish the project, leaving my 70 year old parents to clean-up his mess, and find ways to make their home livable again. At the advice of their lawyer they fired the contractor and finished the work themselves. My Dad was leaning towards pure exhaustion, but kept at it, determined to make this wreck of a house a "home" again, when out the blue the contractor put a lien against their house (for an amount much more than repairs would have cost) which caused any remaining claim payments from the insurance to stop. My parents had not received near enough money yet to get all repairs made, so there again another hardship. They have a different lawyer to handle this but for some reason there is no hope in sight. My parents did finally receive claim payments from the insurance and just this past month were able to finish about everything that needed to get done, however we got word this morning that their home is in foreclosure (much to my parent's surprise) I do not understand, they have kept up with all their payments and have worked so hard all their lives......to have it all be taken away because of some contractors need to take advantage of victims such as my parents is very disheartening.
I am not sure where to turn to get the help my parents deserve. I feel as if this contractor has been given a licence to steal and is about to get away with it. As if my parents have not been through enough already, just living through the hurricane. 
 
Just an added note: I do realize that my parents are probably not the only people going through this, but I cannot understand why there is nothing that can be done statewide to prevent such events from taking place after a natural disaster.
 
Thank you very much for your valuable time,
Kathy Fowler
Stanfield, North Carolina

----- Original Message ----- 
From: Kathy Fowler 
To: airhart@sunline.net 
Cc: jeb.bush@myflorida.com ; bcc@charlottefl.com 
Sent: Friday, October 29, 2004 8:52 AM
Subject: Re: FW: Victimized by Hurricanes PLEASE READ

Good morning Marilyn,
Thank you so much for the reply and the information provided. According to my parents the County Commissioner attended the meeting, which turned out to be Wednesday not Thursday. The meeting went well and the outcome was beneficial to many residents in that area.
Thanks again for all your time and efforts in this matter,
Kathy Fowler

----- Original Message ----- 
From: Marilyn Smith-Mooney - Council Member & Former Mayor 
To: Kathy Fowler 
Cc: jeb.bush@myflorida.com ; CCBCC - D'Aprile, Tom - County Commissioner ; PG - City Clerk's Office - Public Record Item 
Sent: Thursday, October 28, 2004 9:27 PM
Subject: Re: FW: Victimized by Hurricanes PLEASE READ

CITY OF PUNTA GORDA 
City Council Member Communication

  _____  

Please note: Florida has a very broad public records law.  Most written communications to City officials regarding City business are public records available to the public and media upon request.  Your e-mail communications may be subject to public disclosure.

  _____  





Dear Ms. Fowler,

I can certainly appreciate your concern for your parents.  I presume you sent us -- the Punta Gorda City Council -- a copy of your correspondence to Governor Bush because you believed your parents' home to be located within our city's jurisdictional boundaries.  Unfortunately, it is not.  Their residence merely has "Punta Gorda" as its post office address because that is the post office that serves the area in which they live.

Their residence is located in what is referred to as the unincorporated portion of Charlotte County.  Therefore, you would want to bring this to the immediate attention of the County Commissioner for the County District #1 in which they reside.  The County Commissioner for their district is Commissioner Tom D'Aprile.  I know him to be a very caring individual, diligent in his responsiveness to citizens' needs and concerns, and a person who I am sure will do whatever he can to bring about some rational thinking among those members or officers of the Deep Creek Association who appear to be overly inflexible regarding relaxation of certain community deed restrictions during a time where many have been hard-hit by Hurricane Charley.  Complete information on how to contact Commissioner Tom D'Aprile can be found at the following web page, as well as a district map for the county which indicates your parents' home is located in District #1 -- the portion shaded in gray:  http://www.charlottecountyfl.com/commissioners/ 

You will note I am also sending him a copy of this response to you so that he can anticipate hearing from you and possibly begin looking into the matter as soon as he receives this informational copy from me.




Sincerely yours,
Marilyn P. Smith-Mooney
Marilyn P. Smith-Mooney
District #2 Council Member & Former Mayor
CITY OF PUNTA GORDA


City Web Page:  http://www.ci.punta-gorda.fl.us
City Council Web Page:  http://www.ci.punta-gorda.fl.us/citycouncil/council_mayor.htm
City Hall Office:  941-575-3369
City Hall Office Fax:  941-575-3365
City Hall E-Mail:  district2@ci.punta-gorda.fl.us
Home:  941-637-0355
Home Fax:  941-637-8577
Home E-Mail:  airhart@sunline.net



  _____  




Sue Foster wrote:


Forwarded from City's email. S 



Sue Foster, CMC

City Clerk

mailto:pgclerk@ci.punta-gorda.fl.us

City of Punta Gorda

326 W. Marion Avenue

Punta Gorda, FL 33950

(941) 575-3369

Fax (941) 575-3365



-----Original Message-----
From: Kathy Fowler [mailto:kfowler@foodesignassociates.com] 
Sent: Tuesday, October 26, 2004 4:24 PM
To: citycouncil@ci.punta-gorda.fl.us
Subject: Fw: Victimized by Hurricanes PLEASE READ
Importance: High



State of Emergency?

Please read the following and I can only hope that someone will act accordingly.

Thank you,

Kathy Fowler

Stanfield, NC



----- Original Message ----- 

From: Kathy Fowler 

To: jeb.bush@myflorida.com 

Sent: Tuesday, October 26, 2004 3:56 PM

Subject: Victimized by Hurricanes PLEASE READ



Dear Governor Bush,

I am writing with much anguish for my parents who live in Punta Gorda, Florida.

They have lost use of their home as a result of Hurricane Charley on August 13, 2004. 

They were turned down for assistance from FEMA and applied for a grant without any response to that as of yet.

It has been just about impossible to get contractors out there for estimates to turn into their insurance company.

Storage facilities and the means to move what they have left are extremely hard if not impossible to find still. 

They had to resort to getting a POD delivered to their home for storing their belongings so that their house can be repaired. The POD is also being used to keep their belongings protected since their house was severely damaged.

My parents live in Deep Creek sub-division in Punta Gorda, Florida. They just found out today that the Deep Creek Association is holding a meeting this Thursday Oct. 28th at 6:00 pm at Victoria Estates on Rampart Dr., Port Charlotte. The association is planning on ordering ALL residents of Deep Creek to have PODs removed by Monday, Nov. 1st. There is NO PLACE else they can store their belongings and there are many residents in the very same predicament that my parents are in. Please help some how, by sending a representative or someone to speak on your behalf. I sense you have a heart for all residents of Florida and under these circumstances they should allow temporary storage units to be used until they can have repairs completed. Please help somehow, I don't know who else to write to. 

Thank you very much for your valuable time,

Kathy Fowler

Stanfield, North Carolina







Kathy Fowler
Phone: (704) 545-6151
Fax: (704) 545-1243
Email: kfowler@foodesignassociates.com



From:	George Serrano <mission2sea@yahoo.com>
Sent:	Tuesday, July 11, 2006 12:53 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush; linda.nakamura@atg.wa.gov; rick.larsen@mail.house.gov; sreed@secstate.wa.gov
Subject:	California

 
California 6
 
George Serrano

July 11, 2006


 


 

 

Plague

The dead cry out beyond their graves for Justice.  The lives that were wrongfully taken away by the hands of Civil Authorities shall testify and be heard.  Let their bodies be exhumed, let them be examined, and let it be revealed.
 
 

Firefighters

They are brave and risk there lives each and everyday.  When the call for help comes in they answer.  A politician seeking election for an office in our Government would greatly benefit from an endorsement by these tradesmen.  No task is to small and to great for our Firefighters.
 
 

Relation with law enforcement

First they dress alike.  Wearing that black attire very closely emulating the one of a police officers uniform.  Standing side by side only the badge would seem to be the difference.  Secondly, physical requirements are nominal as well as grooming standards.  Both require their personal to be in top physical condition.   Thirdly, both have pledged to save lives.
 
 

My experience

I mentioned before my run in with some Firefighters and Paramedics in Washington D.C. at Union Station.  That day at McDonald’s after I deposited my meal in the trashcan because it was poisoned, the paramedics stayed around the Station and walked by me as I exited.  My guess is that they wanted me to request some help.  Then a while later in town, a Paramedic Van was following me around.
 
More run-ins with Firefighters & Paramedics in an upcoming report.
 
 

What if?

We frown upon assassination attempts from our government.  We never see it and they never happen.  We believe that, 110%.  What if civil authorities wanted or needed to assassinate someone, and how would it be done?  Obviously, they would not make the public aware of it.  So a method of poisoning or setting up someone for a violent crime would fit the bill.  If the victim has survived the first attempt, when a call for medical attention is placed more attempts are then made when transporting the victim from the scene to a medical facility.  Finally, the proper documentation from the coroner would seal it with no questions asked.
 
People that would be primary targets of these types of assassination attempts most likely are of great concern to Civil Authorities.  People who posses information that would put there regime in jeopardy.  People who don’t conform with standard operations and agendas of a corrupted agency.  Also other prime candidates are people who are in main stream society, for example an ex CEO who wasn’t that popular or a Political candidate who’s too popular, in either extreme no one is safe from big brother.
 
 

What it takes

All it takes is for one Firefighter, one Coroner, one Paramedic, one witness, or one victim that got away (such as myself) to validate this.  An active or retired member who witnessed and/or participated in an event similar to the one described above.  Your voice counts now more than ever, stand up and be a witness for victims seeking justice from their graves.  Give them a voice; let them hear those who have ears.  Redeem yourselves and come forward so that the Lord Jesus Christ may be a witness for you on that great day of Final Judgement.
 
 

A request to the media

I request to the media to circulate this memo, so that witnesses may come forward and testify.
 
 
 

George Serrano


  _____  

How low will we go? Check out Yahoo! Messenger’s low PC-to-Phone call rates.
From:	KnHrrn@aol.com
Sent:	Tuesday, July 11, 2006 1:20 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush; Geller, Steven; flnavdist@aicw.org; info@watertaxi.com; hcook@broward.org; webadmin@semtribe.com; webmaster@evergladesplan.org; PublicMail.CESAJ-CC@saj02.usace.army.miljames.f.sheriff@saj02.usace.army.mil; bgraber@broward.orgdefense_request@billnelson.senate.gov; hanbury@nsu.nova.edupubaffs@nsu.nova.edu; CustomerCare@westmarine.com; info@toursofvision.com; info@flchamber.com
Cc:	info@junglequeen.com; pwoa2005@bellsouth.net; TWOSHADOWTWO@aol.com; Brodie.E.Rich@uscg.mil; tribune@semtribe.com; jerry.w.scarborough@saj02.usace.army.mil; president@nsu.nova.edu; westadvantage@westmarine.com; powerboatsurvey@msn.com
Subject:	Need Your Help
Attachments:	SewellLocksupport070606.doc; DELETED0.TXT

 
 
11 JULY 2006
 
 
GOOD AFTERNOON ,
 

PLEASE TAKE THE TIME TO READ THIS AND WRITE A LETTER TO THE BUREAU of HISTORIC PRESERVATION A.S.A.P. ABOUT THE SEWELL LOCK and PARK SITE, WE NEED YOUR HELP TO ALLOW BROWARD COUNTY PARKS TO GET THE FUNDING TO FINISH THE IMPROVEMENTS TO THE HISTORIC LOCKS AND RECONSTRUCTION OF THE BUILDINGS AND PARK SITE. BELOW   PLEASE FIND A SAMPLE LETTER, THAT MAY HELP YOU.

Thank you for your time

Mr. N.  Camparscone

Member

P.W.O.A.  Inc.

1360 S.W. 56 Avenue

Plantation , Florida  33317                                                                  pwoa2005@bellsouth.net  

***********************************************************************************************************

                                                     SAMPLE LETTER 

 

Frederick P. Gaske

Bureau of Historic Preservation

Florida Department of State

500 S. Bronough Street


Tallahassee, FL   32399-0250


 

 

Dear Mr. Gaske:

 

Please accept this letter as support for the Historic Preservation Special Category Grant application submitted for the restoration of the North New River Lock/Sewell Lock Boating Park, Broward County, Florida. The site has been Designated historical in the National Registry, this boating / barge lock was known as” The Gateway to The Everglades” one of two from the original waterway that allowed shipping from Fort Lauderdale ( Port Everglades ) west to Lake Okeechobee and on to The Gulf of Mexico.

This ocean access Lock was in use until the late 1950’s, when the waterway was turned  over to The State of Florida  for maintenance by The Army Corps of Engineers .

 Rehabilitation and major improvements to this Historic Lock , Buildings and Park site have been long overdue.  This is a worthwhile restoration of a historical site and one that will bring enjoyment from its use by the residents and visitors to the State of Florida and Broward County. 

 Thank you.

 

Signed - 

************************************************************

( See attachments-History )

Please make sure to copy your letter to    The  Historical  Society   ( Mr, Chris Eck ) ceck@broward.org    and       P.W.O.A.  Inc.       ( Mr. N. Camparscone )     pwoa2005@bellsouth.net 

Again , Thank You

From:	Irene <queenofcups30@yahoo.com>
Sent:	Tuesday, July 11, 2006 1:05 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Medicaid Issue

Once again the underpriveliged will be struck a blow because of your intentions with Medicaid.
 
I'm wondering when will you politicians realize that you represent nothing but contradicitions??
 
Do the poor citizens of this state a favor, look to the WEALTHY citizens who are using MEDICARE as their main health insurance providers and cut their benefits and make them pay more into the system. Why do the poor, oppressed people of this nation have to suffer because of the people with silver spoons in their mouths??
 
Why did you vote yourself an 8% salary increase, and cut Medicaid benefits for the poor? Why? Your not making enough money? How do you sleep at night Govenor Bush? The only people you help are the Wealthy because they contribute more to your salary. The poor will NEVER succeed with your tactics, it will only get WORSE. REDUCE the 20% payout in this state for MEDICAID by making the Wealthy pay what they should!!
 
The Health Care Industry will not support you and your brothers plan to put a "capped block grant" on Medicaid because burdens would be put on the health care facilites. People will seek the medical treatments they need and not pay the bills. You are only placing the burder on someone else, does that make sense?
 
Fix the problem Governor Bush, that's what WE pay YOU for. Make yourself and your friends, the wealthy people of this state, PAY more. Look to the subsidiaries and tax incentives you all get and start thinking with your brains, not your personal pocket.

  _____  

Do you Yahoo!?
Everyone is raving about the all-new Yahoo! Mail Beta.
From:	Hope007401@aol.com
Sent:	Tuesday, July 11, 2006 1:02 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	(no subject)

Hello..Gov..Bush..I know it will to be too long before you are not in office,,,but I want to tell you I dislike that idea..You are and have been a wonderful governor..who will be greatly miss...You were looking out for us with the insurance companies,,hurricanes and so much more...You have listen and care what we though and what we had to say..Whe I applied for disablity you tried to help...even though it is still unseattled because the people I had did not get everything ready for the judge to hear..all my records were not there and the judge gave me only 15 minutes when I was to have 45..he( the judge thought he had all of teh info he need when he did not and the person with Allsup who was to resp..me knew so and did not infoorm the judge...I appeal ,but according to the info I got, they only see if the judge did right with all he had and base on that...
But again thank you for all you have done and are still doing for Florida...Who do you believe in that will be running?
Marlena Gol
From:	LWheeler45@aol.com
Sent:	Tuesday, July 11, 2006 12:32 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	this storm might just do the hoover levee failure about Sat

After a dry start to the workweek, a tropical system will bring heavy downpours back to Central Florida on Tuesday and Wednesday. 

"A tropical wave is moving closer to Florida in the next 24 hours. As it does, it will increase our moisture and our rain chances," said WESH 2 Weather Plus meteorologist Leslie Hudson. 

Expect partly cloudy skies on Tuesday, with a 60 percent chance of scattered showers and thunderstorms. Highs will be in the upper 80s, with easterly winds of 5 to 10 mph. 

Locally, heavy rainfall will be possible as the wave approaches the state on Tuesday and crosses it on Wednesday. 

 
Leonard E. Wheeler, Jr.,
From:	DeAnna <dj8@swfla.rr.com>
Sent:	Tuesday, July 11, 2006 12:27 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	It's time to listen to the people

Dear Mr. Bush,

 

I can understand your PERSONAL feelings on the Spanish as a second language, HOWEVER, I think it’s about time you listen to the people.

As a person of NATIVE American heritage, I whole heartedly disagree with all of the TV ads, sign boards on the interstates, and products in the grocery stores, put in the Spanish language. 

 

I fee the you are putting the Hispanics before those of us who were BORN here.

 

How, do you think it makes those who have come before and had to follow the rules and regulations of our Government, to become citizens and learn the English language to have to watch that same government bow down and cow tow to those of Hispanic descent?

 

Now you are starting to infiltrate the schools with MANDATORY Spanish.  What BULL----.!!!

 

I don’t disagree with them learning another language, however, it should be the PARENTS   CHOICE and not the choice of the Government.

 

 

You have received, several letters from me and I have yet to get a response.  Why don’t you get out of your office and come speak to the REAL people, and not just the rich ones.  I DARE YOU!!!!!

 

Personally,  Mr. Bush, I can’t wait until you are out of office.

 

 

DeAnna L. Jones

dj8@swfla.rr.com

(239) 353-0071

 

P.S.  No, Mr. Bush, I am not a Democrat, I am a pure bred Republican, but I still hope for someone who is PROUD to be an AMERICAN in the future.

From:	Barbara Nordin <gbeall1@tampabay.rr.com>
Sent:	Tuesday, July 11, 2006 12:46 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	florida fruit and vegetables growers

Dear Governor Bush,
I heard today on our local Tampa Bay news that our fruit and vegetable growers are having trouble getting workers to pick their crops due to the  problem with MIGRANT WORKERS.  I have and idea or two for you. #1 Use all non-violent prisioners to harvest the crops. #2 How about the unemployed that are on Wellfare. It takes no education to pick crops..  Thank You   Barbara Nordin, Spring Hill, Fl
From:	John Oestreich <mrprince@hotmail.com>
Sent:	Tuesday, July 11, 2006 12:16 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	???????

John Oestreich
7220 community drive
pensacola, FL 32526-8982


July 11, 2006

The Honorable Jeb Bush
Governor of Florida
The Capitol, 400 S. Monroe St.
Tallahassee, FL 32399-0001


 Governor Bush:

Could you PLEASE borrow some common sense from Colorado and apply it here 
in Florida ?

STEVEN K. PAULSON and JON SARCHE, Associated Press Writers 

DENVER - Colorado lawmakers ended a five-day special session on illegal 
immigration with a resounding approval of several bills that Democrats 
call the toughest in the nation and Republicans say don't go far enough. 

The legislation sent late Monday to Republican Gov. Bill Owens would force 
a million people receiving state or federal aid in Colorado to verify 
their citizenship.

It would deny most non-emergency state benefits to illegal immigrants 18 
years old and older — forcing people to prove legal residency when 
applying for benefits or renewing their eligibility. The state Senate 
passed it 22-13 and the House voted 48-15 in favor. Both chambers are 
controlled by Democrats.


Sincerely,


John Oestreich
850-941-2023

This message has been verified by CapwizXC as authentic and sent by this 
individual.  Authentication ID: [j9433JJT]


From:	R belle <belle_483@yahoo.com>
Sent:	Tuesday, July 11, 2006 12:16 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Fwd: also
Attachments:	Fwd: also

One other thing  if taylor could only love me for being aa woman intexas that  took money to sleep with him    and  or for beigna womanthat was deceptive with him forfromthe onset then  tell him idont want his love. 
 
 However If you would liketo love me  for being myself and for  understanding thatthethereis aproblme withanywomanthat feels that she must befriendany manthatshe thinks  that I might even remotely have relationship with then  you can understand  where the dillema comes in right?   For instance I threw Leonardo Dicaprios name around and  watched thesame cult  go after him. and anyone esel they theought iwas interestd in.. Pleae  take me seriously. And  forgive me  but I dontw ant Jenifer Lopez anymore now thant i did then  in anywaythat compromsies me. 

Note: forwarded message attached.

  _____  

Do you Yahoo!?
Next-gen email? Have it all with the all-new Yahoo! Mail Beta.
From:	R belle <belle_483@yahoo.com>
Sent:	Tuesday, July 11, 2006 12:11 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Fwd: also
Attachments:	Fwd: also


 Also  please tell my was other half _ the one I have not been intimate with for the speculative though the idea turned quite a few heads and  got me all the way to california fr while  that i am sorry   and  wish her only happiness withher new baby. Thatwould be Mrs. Angelian Joile Pitt.   A beauty a Talent, A missionary and a very crazy  companioon that can  furnish a million  wall climbing  ninja at my command    if you dont treat me well.   Mrs  Liv Tylers dad can  play for you and at my command  hit a cord  hat will  make  your ears run. . and if they are not available  or willng anymore for my poor atitude onthewest coast due to almost beingmurerede. on several  occasions then another sister Tia as wellas  the wife of a police officer   named Smith  can  hit   true high C's that will   either  soften your heart with melody or  at my command  hit  notes ntheheheavenlies taht  will accomplish the rest.... 
 
Now then,I promise tha  will lbe better behaved  as I woudlnt dream of going skinny dipping  ina public place
Note: forwarded message attached.

  _____  

Yahoo! Music Unlimited - Access over 1 million songs. Try it free. 
From:	R belle <belle_483@yahoo.com>
Sent:	Tuesday, July 11, 2006 12:01 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Fwd: also
Attachments:	alalso



Note: forwarded message attached.

  _____  

How low will we go? Check out Yahoo! Messenger’s low PC-to-Phone call rates.
From:	R belle <belle_483@yahoo.com>
Sent:	Tuesday, July 11, 2006 11:51 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	By the way

By The way--
 
 You do get more and more handsome  as the years go by... and I am sure that your wife appreciates youvery very much.
 
 
 Tell her I will bow beofre her   at the proper time however for the time being  I prefer to flirt  shamelessly withyou and  once agianinvite you  o sail with me  on any yacht  you can sign over to myname   awitha new wardrobe and cash to  be blessing  to  this family please.. Also if you know whanyone donating a baby grand Piano that owwould help as well. 
 
 
 Once again with much love for you and the family always..  
 
 

  _____  

Do you Yahoo!?
Everyone is raving about the all-new Yahoo! Mail Beta.
From:	R belle <belle_483@yahoo.com>
Sent:	Tuesday, July 11, 2006 12:00 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	alalso

Also  Please Thank both Jenna and he sister for their hep inthe past  and if possible for their help  now and inthe future  with the smaller   detais   along iwth whateer damage was sdoento my cerbral  area   o by those they gave access to me 
.  There is no extortion on my art-- I was joking  however  appreciated their asistance  and support  in the scholastic  field as well. 
 
The bottom ine is thati would liekthis family  and chidlren even if hethey are passing a quaintainces untouchd by  whatever  marred my experiences on any other occasion  okay.  Be dilligent.in the 
 
By The way--
 
 You do get more and more handsome  as the years go by... and I am sure that your wife appreciates you very very much.
 
 
 Tell her I will bow before her   at the proper time however for the time being  I prefer to flirt  shamelessly with you and  once again invite you  to sail with me  on any yacht  you can sign over to my name   along with a new wardrobe and cash to  be a blessing  to  this family please.. Also if you know anyone that wouldnt mind donating a baby grand Piano  toto the local Presbeterian church  that would help as well. 
 
 
 Once again with much love for you and the family always..  

  _____  

Want to be your own boss? Learn how on Yahoo! Small Business. 
From:	Royal Taylor <royalt2@earthlink.net>
Sent:	Tuesday, July 11, 2006 11:59 AM
To:	Bush, Pres. George; Cheney, Vice President Richard; Martinez, Mel; Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	re:  WHY??

Why has the President, Congress and the  INS allowed this mess to snowball???
Just in case you were interested !!! Interesting Statistics....
 
 1. 40% of all workers in L.A. County (L.A. County has 10 million people) are working for cash and not paying taxes. This was because they are predominantly illegal immigrants, working without a green card.

 2. 95% of warrants for murder in Los Angeles are for illegal aliens.

 3. 75% of people on the most wanted list in Los Angeles are illegal aliens.

 4. Over 2/3's of all births in Los Angeles County are to illegal alien Mexicans on Medi-Cal whose births were paid for by taxpayers.

 5. Nearly 25% of all inmates in California detention centers are Mexican nationals here illegally.

 6. Over 300,000 illegal aliens in Los Angeles County are living in garages.

 7. The FBI reports half of all gang members in Los Angeles are most likely illegal aliens from south of the border.

 8. Nearly 60% of all occupants of HUD properties are illegal.

9. 21 radio stations in L.A. are Spanish speaking.

 10. In L.A.County 5.1 million people speak English. 3.9 million speak Spanish (10.2 million people in L.A.County).

 (All 10 from the Los Angeles Times)

 Less than 2% of illegal aliens are picking our crops but 29% are on welfare.

(CHECK THIS WEB-SITE --CENTER FOR IMIGRATION STUDIES)   http://www.cis.org/


 Over 70% of the United States annual population growth (and over 90% of California, Florida, and New York) results from immigration.


 The cost of immigration to the American taxpayer in 1997 was a NET (after subtracting taxes immigrants pay) $70 BILLION a year, [Professor Donald Huddle, Rice University].


 The lifetime fiscal impact (taxes paid minus services used) for the average adult Mexican immigrant is a NEGATIVE.

 29% of inmates in federal prisons are illegal aliens. 
From:	Jan Townsend <jtownsen@mailer.fsu.edu>
Sent:	Tuesday, July 11, 2006 11:46 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Oranges in the Groves to be Picked

Uh, sir.  Prisoners?  We have prisoners incarcerated who could certainly pick oranges, saving the State’s potential loss of millions.  Why not?  

 

P.S.  I’m on my lunch break.  

 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Jan Townsend, Coordinator, Research Programs & Services --- CRC and Cornerstone, Office of the Vice President for Research, Florida State University, 109 Westcott Building, Tallahassee, FL 32306-1330    Direct Line: 850.644.8636      FAX: 850.645.0108

"I've learned that people will forget what you said, people will forget what you did, but people will never forget how you made them feel."  Maya Angelou 

 

From:	R belle <belle_483@yahoo.com>
Sent:	Tuesday, July 11, 2006 11:47 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Would you

Dear Uncle Bush,
 
With all my love and respect foryouu adnthe family would you be kind enoughto remind  your brother  my adopted father  though he wantto stanngle me more than my murdereers to keep his marien john henery medina as wellas anywoman namd marge  and or Taylor from accessing my physical  body  brain  capabilities as they only serve todiminish them not enhance thm
 
I fed a child much like my mother would that coudl feed herself that is not progressive  that is not who i am I am or was . Please  hae them fix the damge ththey have don.
 
Also tTell the young Presbeterian  20 years old i believe  now that the momenther hadn touched anythng  that led to my brain  on new mexico territory  o Texan terrirtoy  for the same reason that hte others did
(I wasnt looling for a pposposition  with these peopel  just experiencand fellowship)  nonetheleless that taht as welllwas crimnial behavior  I personlally have committed no crimes as i never used anyones name but myown.  And never sent a man  into a young girls  room who had already benen victimized  so that she could play house with anyman that asnt her husba

  _____  

Talk is cheap. Use Yahoo! Messenger to make PC-to-Phone calls. Great rates starting at 1¢/min.
From:	ross greybill <ross2vegas@peoplepc.com>
Sent:	Tuesday, July 11, 2006 11:43 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Cc:	APP
Subject:	[*] Fw: Virtual Hearing on Immigration - Secure Borders First


----- Original Message ----- 
From: "Congress.org" <no-reply@congress.org>
To: "Congress.org" <no-reply@congress.org>
Sent: Tuesday, July 11, 2006 10:38 AM
Subject: Virtual Hearing on Immigration - Secure Borders First


> Thank you for using Congress.org Mail System
>
> Message sent to the following recipients:
> Governor Bush
> Representative Miller
> Senator Martinez
> Senator Nelson
> Mr. President
> Representative Sansom
> Senator Clary
> Message text follows:
>
> ROSS GREYBILL
> 322 CHICAGO AVE
> VALPARAISO FL, FL 32580-1322
>
>
> July 11, 2006
>
> [recipient address was inserted here]
>
>
> [recipient name was inserted here],
>
> please just do your respective jobs, secure the border, enforce the
> exsisting immigration laws. These people, right or wrong, BROKE THE LAW
> entering our country illegally. Theve sinse forged documents in order to
> recieve services and benefits available to them.(which is another law in
> it self).
>               Our ancestors came here legally, and were glad to be an
> american.they came here with nothing and recieved nothing upon arrival.
> There are proper ways of entering our country. US. allows 1.4.million
> aliens to enter our country LEGALLY yearly. These people waited in line,
> took physical, had exstensive background check,AND WANTED TO LEARN
> ENGLISH..This farce of an excuse of their taking jobs mericans wont do is
> more of a comedy of a excuse for breaking the law.Fact is they represent
> less than 3% of the work force...if in fact we need more of a work force,
> we have millions of aliens WAITING in line that want to come here and do
> it LEGALLY.
>            now since our GOVERNMENT and BIG BUSINESS has turned a blind
> eye and not enforced the immigration laws ,this situation has gotten
> totaly out of hand, these aliens have ruined the middle class from
> outsourcing our jobs through lower wages, theyve lower our property value
> down, inhabiting households meant for 4 people only to have 14 people in
> them. these illegals have abused our social services through forged
> document, disrupted our schools, and bankrupt our hospitals..alll this
> with loyalty to mexico and their respective countrys and NOT
> AMERICA..these people think something is owed to them,and shouldnt have to
> learn english and break our laws at will..please look at the statistics on
> outstanding warrents on murder alone...look at the stats on child
> molestors, assualts, robbery, no drivers license or insurance....geez..is
> our government this blind?? ecure the border, and deport and allow LEGAL
> immigrants here..How much greed and corruption is needed by "big business"
> and  our government allow this to happen before the mass destruction of
> our country has happened........stop...learn and....listen..to the
> people..were tired of this shame of a amnesty bill...were upset and mad at
> our government for not being corcerned and listened to by it OWN CITIZENS.
>
> Sincerely,
>
>
> ROSS GREYBILL
> 850 678 7955
>
> This message has been verified by CapwizXC as authentic and sent by this
> individual.  Authentication ID: [tfvwYNM2]
>
>
>
>
> -- 
> No virus found in this incoming message.
> Checked by AVG Free Edition.
> Version: 7.1.394 / Virus Database: 268.9.10/384 - Release Date: 7/10/2006
>
> 

From:	Hartmut Gassmann <hgassmann@bellsouth.net>
Sent:	Tuesday, July 11, 2006 2:51 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	[*] RE: Immigration

Thanks for your fast response, even it was not related to my main issue. My
point was that legal immigrants should deserve the same opportunity to
receive permanent Visa like the illegal immigrants. Thanks, have a nice day.



-----Original Message-----
From: Governor Jeb Bush [mailto:Jeb.Bush@MyFlorida.com]
Sent: Monday, July 10, 2006 1:07 PM
To: Hartmut Gassmann
Subject: RE: Immigration

Dear Friend:

Thank you for sharing your views about proposed changes to United States
immigration policies.  Governor Bush appreciates your concerns and asked me
to respond on his behalf.

Governor Bush believes it is important to secure and protect our borders
rather than create provisions that are punitive to those immigrants who make
a unique and important contribution to our country.  Protecting safe, open,
and legal immigration for those who come to America creates a more
prosperous United States of America.

Because this issue is so important to the security and continued success of
our country, it deserves a fair, transparent hearing in Washington.  Please
rest assured Governor Bush understands your concerns and is confident that
resolving this critical issue is a positive challenge facing our country
rather than a negative one.  The Governor will remember your concerns when
speaking with and federal officials.

Thank you again for writing.

Sincerely,


LD McDonald
Citizens' Services

-----Original Message-----
From: Hartmut Gassmann [mailto:hgassmann@bellsouth.net]
Sent: Monday, July 10, 2006 2:05 PM
To: Governor Jeb Bush
Subject: Immigration


Dear Mr.Bush,

I like to express my frustration about the current immigration amnesty
proposal for illegal immigrants. I came to this country with my wife 12
years ago from Germany as a legal immigrant, because this country was and
still is my favorite place to work and raise my family. We had to go through
a lot of screening and expenses to receive a temporary E2 Visa (We didn't
meet the tough qualifications for a Green Card at that time), which can be
extended, based on the progress of our company. I believe that the only way
to do things is to do everything legally. Now, illegal immigrants might get
"rewarded" with a permanent Visa and legal immigrants, who invested money
from day one, paid taxes, had to proof certain qualifications are still
having a tough challenge to switch from temporary to permanent Visa. Is that
fair? Many of us legal immigrants wish to stay in this country not just the
illegal immigrants. Wouldn't it be more than right that legal immigrants
have at least the same opportunity than illegal immigrants? Have a nice day
and thanks for taking your time.



From:	USMC 3rd Recon <usmclaw@bellsouth.net>
Sent:	Tuesday, July 11, 2006 10:57 AM
To:	Jones, Libby (COC)
Cc:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	[*] Re: V23WQL

Importance:	High

Mr Libby I thank you for your time and I hope that you can understand my frustration, for one if you look over my drivers license you will see that I never have committed a violation against a handicap, being a veteran I respect that to the letter of the law. Another is that if you would please look up in the file you will notice please that it states that the ticket was issued to a Mazda White on 03032003 bearing the tag UGA1R...not to any of the tags that you are mentioning.
 
 I have with me a copy that may help...tag V23WQL was reported stolen, a copy of said report was faxed to 305-679-1069 to the attn: of Ms Lisa (hope that helps that was the name I wrote down) the paperwork that I have (I know its in a bin somewhere here in my home) is from it says LOC LCO100  PARKING VIOLATION  then CLEAR TYPE DESC  then space and CLEAR DATE. I filed this report also with the City of Miami Police Dept located on or by 22nd ave sw in the City of Miami.
 
Look I am just trying to clear my name most importantly here, its a moral issue at this time more than it is a tag renewal. I at times wish I were a law enforcement agent just so that I could give all that park in the handicap area a fine. 
 
Thank you in advance
 
Tito Arrazola
 
Ps I will see if I can look up a pice of paper that I remember was given to me to hold on to in case I got questioned in reference to the tag. It was givien to me by one of your agencies, as to which one I cant tell you without the document, but I eill look for it now.
----- Original Message ----- 
From: Jones, Libby (COC) 
To: USMC 3rd Recon 
Sent: Tuesday, July 11, 2006 9:48 AM
Subject: RE: V23WQL

Tag number v23WQL was registered to a 1993 Mazda VIN # 1YVGE22B6P5162345, the previous tag number was RIQ78U.  We obtained our records from the Department of Highway Safety and Motor Vehicles.
 
-----Original Message-----
From: USMC 3rd Recon [mailto:usmclaw@bellsouth.net] 
Sent: Tuesday, July 11, 2006 9:27 AM
To: Jones, Libby (COC)
Cc: jeb.bush@myflorida.com; tony.arrazola@bellsouth.com
Subject: Re: V23WQL
Importance: High
 
This tag has never belonged to a Mazda. I sincerely hope that you have a track record of this since I have always had this tag with my current vehicle. So you best be able to prove that, I am going to have to take the trouble and go to a tag agency and get a report as to the issue of said tag and do your work since your research is incorrect Mr Jones. For the record...I own a Toyota 4Runner 1995 Black in color, that is the first thing...another is then if this tag has had a fine on it for such a long time then why have I been permitted for all these years to RENEW my tag and or is that another case for your research.
 
Tito Arrazola
 
 
----- Original Message ----- 
From: Jones, Libby (COC) 
To: usmclaw@bellsouth.net 
Sent: Tuesday, July 11, 2006 8:56 AM
Subject: V23WQL
 
Research shows that this tag was registered to a 1993 Mazda 4 door white vehicle.  The citations were issued to this vehicle during the time you owned the tag.  As stated before these old tickets were then transferred to your most current tag.
From:	BarbAra Stankiewicz <bastanz@hotmail.com>
Sent:	Tuesday, July 11, 2006 11:16 AM
To:	ereed@ocpafl.org
Cc:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	[*] 5567 Donnelly Circle, Orlando 32821 - Orange County


Dear Sir/Madam:
 
I am the original owner of the above property - when I first bought the property my land had a value of $25,000 - nine years later it is now valued at $95,000 and keeps climbing.  Orange County is pricing me/homeowner out of my original neighborhood - I must pretty soon have to consider moving to a very rural community out of Orange County in order to have any normal standard of living.
 
I thought that only when you sell your home to a new owner does a new value on the property get re-assessed to the new owner - not from other sales within the community.  Is there possibly a glich in the system that reevaluates the properties or maybe it is just a mistake with my piece of property.  During the past homeowners were assured that as long as you stayed in your home there would not be drastic increases in values.  Could this be where Florida is getting the extra revenue from and they cannot figure out where it is coming from?

Last year I did go to the department because they had missed some square footage in the living space and thought that it should be corrected.  At that time could it have been considered a resale and the values went up?  
 
Could you please tell me which method you use to evaluate land for all - is it by total community sales, individual sales, etc? 


BarbAra 
Orlando, FL 32821 
email: bastanz@hotmail.com


  _____  

Be one of the first to try Windows Live Mail beta
From:	Don  Rogers <fldwnr@bellsouth.net>
Sent:	Tuesday, July 11, 2006 10:32 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	[*] Gas prices & cost of home Owners Insurance

Dear Mr.Bush,
I want to let you know that I voted for you because I thought you would help us.(the working class).
Still waiting for you to help us the state of Florida.first the cost of Home owners insurance(and FPL).things you could put a cap on these things before it gets out of control.there where years that went by when we didn't have any these costly Hurricanes.
What did these companies do with all the monies they collected from us over the years?
Also notice how Bellsouth didn't charge us for not having phone service after these Hurricanes but FPL charged us more.And what did you do to help us?
Now lets talk about the price of gas.you could help us there to if you wanted too?
You should"ve help the state of Florida.Before all Hurricanes you would get on the T.V. and say that you were concerned for all of us.but you haven't left office yet.you could help us.
Thanks
Nancy Rogers
 
From:	Treesia Rhoden <mamoriah@earthlink.net>
Sent:	Tuesday, July 11, 2006 10:59 AM
To:	Mayor@ocfl.net; District1@ocfl.net; District2@ocfl.net; District3@ocfl.net; District4@ocfl.net; District5@ocfl.net; District6@ocfl.net

TO:
       Richard T. Crotty, Orange County Chairman
       E mail:  Mayor@ocfl.net
       407/836 7370

       Commissioner Teresa Jacobs
       E Mail:  District1@ocfl.net
       407/836 7350

       Commissioner Bob Sindler
       E Mail:  District2@ocfl.net
       407/836 7350

       Commissioner Mildred Fernandez
       E Mail:  District3@ocfl.net
       407/836 5309

       Commissioner Linda Stewart
       E Mail: District4@ocfl.net
       407/836 5935

       Commissioner Bill Segal
       E Mail:  District5@ocfl.net
       407/836 7350

       Commissioner Homer Hartage
       E Mail:   District6@ocfl.net
       407/836 7350

 

From: Treesia and Thomas Rhoden

            8642 Villanova St.

            Orlando, FL 32817

 

Dear Mayor and Commissioners:

 

What is the legal definition of “private property”?  What is the legal definition of “ownership”? 

 

Does the Constitution of the United States of America give its citizens the right to own property and to decide how and when to dispose of it? 

 

When does one law override another law? 

 

If I own property, I should be allowed to decide to whom I wish to sell it or rent it without ANYONE telling me to whom I may rent it or sell it; therefore, there should be NO wording added to any law or ordinance within a city, county, or state which would narrow my ability to do with my property as I wish; moreover, I STRONGLY urge you to LEAVE OUT the words "sexual orientation” from ANY ordinance, law, or tenant.

 

Thank you.

 

Sincerely,

 

Treesia Rhoden and Thomas Rhoden 

From:	Curtis George <cgeorge@GalaxyAviation.com>
Sent:	Tuesday, July 11, 2006 10:02 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	N104FL

Dear Governor Bush,

 

For years you were a great customer of mine at Reliance Aviation at Tamiami Airport.  I have taken the position of General Manager at Boca Aviation at Boca Raton Airport.  I hope that we can be of service to you should you ever come to the area.



By the way, the Fred Barnes piece on your tenure as our Governor was outstanding, and in my opinion accurate.

 

I look forward to seeing you in Boca.

 

Curtis George

General Manager

Boca Aviation, Boca Raton Airport (KBCT)

561-368-1110 Ext 126

cgeorge@bocaaviation.com

ARINC 131.95

 

From:	CYNTHIA.WOOD-DUBOISE@wellsfargo.com
Sent:	Tuesday, July 11, 2006 10:20 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Crops/migrant workers

I just heard on the news yesterday to prepare myself for an increase in costs for fruits & vegetables and how much the state of Florida is gonna suffer because they wont be able to export as many oranges....all due to the changes w/immigration & all these jobs that Americans won't do, but the Mexican immigrants will.

I have an idea.   Use prisoner labor.  I heard of a program with the prisons call "Pride" ....where minimum security inmates that work are paid .20 cents an hour....the city, county & state uses them along the highways, etc.  Use them in the fields to pick the crops.  Have the farmers pay to the state the full wages of per pound, etc that they normally pay to the migrant workers to help pay for the cost of transportation of the inmates to the farms & the cost of the officers detached to those prisoners for security, etc.  And maybe give those farmers that use this service a tax break or something.  And it wouldn't just have to be in Florida....all the states throughout the United States that may have this same problem could implement a similar program.  It would be an incentive to the prisoners to make some pocket change, but then again the money could also go toward the expense of housing them & ease the states budget a little.

Think about it. 

Cynthia Wood-Duboise
Senior Closer
Wells Fargo Home Mortgage
M1737-011                                   
9600 Koger Blvd
St. Petersburg, FL 33702
727-570-8007 x-150 
727-579-8467 
cynthia.wood-duboise@wellsfargo.com 

For your protection, we remind you that this is an unsecured email service, which is not intended for sending confidential or sensitive information. Please do not include your social security number, account number, or any other personal or financial information in the content of the email.  To see our privacy policy regarding how we use and protect customer information, please select the following link: http://www.wellsfargo.com/privacy/privacy.jhtml.  To discontinue receiving all emails containing solicitation materials from Wells Fargo Bank N.A., including Wells Fargo Home Mortgage, please send an email to DNERequests@wellsfargo.com with your name, company name and address.

  
Wells Fargo Home Mortgage is a division of Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. © 2005 Wells Fargo Bank. All rights reserved.  Equal Housing Lender.

Wells Fargo Home Mortgage-2701 Wells Fargo Way-Minneapolis, MN 55467-8000 


From:	Cary ortega <miamigirlrider@yahoo.com>
Sent:	Tuesday, July 11, 2006 10:18 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush; john.outland@dep.state.fl.us; jgcox@naplesnews.com; kara.kenney@nbc-2.com; ksaenz@wftx4.com; swampbuggy2@earthlink.net; barjnpwll@aol.com; donnafiala@colliergov.net; frankhalas@colliergov.net; fredcoyle@colliergov.net; tomhenning@colliergov.net; jimcoletta@colliergov.net; biker01@bellsouth.net; vcnp@aol.com; sean.brown@abc-7.com; webmaster@mail.arra-access.com; jsparks@legstrat.com; cfatvclub@aol.com; chris@southernknightsatv.com; customrubicon@yahoo.com; denniscrf@yahoo.com; miamigirlrider@yahoo.com; metfreakk@earthlink.net; editor@naplesnews.com; four_wheelin4fun@yahoo.com; jamesinnaples@yahoo.com; Davis, Mike; albert_menendez@adelphia.net; Aditchdoc@aol.com; atvgirl@thedirtygirls.net; Banshee1987@eathlink.net; Blue@bluescycle.com; BMac240@hotmail.com; damon_m_lee@yahoo.com; dixieboy1479@hotmail.com; dustmudder69@netzero.net; gmc4x4countrygal@aol.com; gwest@onearrow.net; harufam@earthlink.com; jmnasdaqqqq@hotmail.com; Justin888@bellsouth.net; mdaybc@hotmail.com; mejasnanny@comcast.net; mjavy7@gmail.com; Muddywatersatv@yahoo.com; nalienprincess@aol.com; PATSSMS@aol.com; ramatv@msn.com; Redgrizzly660@aol.com; rypiii@netzero.com; sam_witch@yahoo.com; sawesero039@msn.com; selling_this_stuff@yahoo.com; support@fl-atv.com; toothfairy1214@netzero.net; wildboy_2002@yahoo.com; wswise1@cox.net
Subject:	[*]
Attachments:	3577006244-aug33dz.jpg

  _____  

Why keep checking for Mail? The all-new Yahoo! Mail Beta shows you when there are new messages.
From:	Kelly Davis <kellyrkd@verizon.net>
Sent:	Tuesday, July 11, 2006 9:14 AM
To:	SR_Community_Relations_Office
Cc:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Re: Medically Needy

I have sent all applicable bills to Joy Brown but none have been paid.  I have been in the hospital twice since and am dying but you are responsible for Jan 2006 bills.  Thanks,  Ryan K. Davis [REDACTED]  P.S. I was a victim of Hurricane Charlie and wiped out and am now being threatened with legal action over bills that should have been paid by now.  rkd----- Original Message ----- 

From: Kelly Davis 
To: SR_Community_Relations_Office 
Cc: Kelly Davis 
Sent: Saturday, June 03, 2006 6:48 PM
Subject: Re: Medically Needy

Thank you.  I was eligible for medically needy for every month of 2005.  She said there were no records of this but you paid over $1400.00 every month for prescriptions.  My share of cost was $700+.  My drugs were paid every month.  I just received a bill from a collection agency for one of the above mentioned months.  I will mail  her a copy.  I was also eligble thru April but only met share of costs in Jan due to drug insurance card.  Thank you again.  Your records must be in a terrible mess.  I am homebound but my wife went to the CFS office in Sarasota and she said it was closed up.  Kelly Davis  (Ryan K. Davis)  [REDACTED]  #1176166930 MN  941-722-0300----- Original Message ----- 

From: SR_Community_Relations_Office 
To: kellyrkd@verizon.net 
Sent: Friday, June 02, 2006 6:36 PM
Subject: Medically Needy





Dear Mr. Davis:

Thank you for your May 25 email to Governor Bush requesting assistance with
Medicaid benefits.  Governor Bush asked me to respond to you on his behalf.

To appropriately address your concerns, I asked Joy Brown, Economic
Self-Sufficiency Specialist Supervisor, to contact you about your unpaid
medical bills.  It is my understanding that Ms. Brown spoke with you on May
30, but you were unable to provide the dates of service or the names of the
medical providers for your unpaid bills.  Please contact Ms. Brown at (813)
558-1907 with the requested information so she can determine whether or not
the bills can be paid by Medicaid.

You are enrolled in the Medically Needy program with a share of cost and
must provide proof of your medical expenses to the Case Maintenance Unit
for bill tracking.  You or your Medicaid provider can do this by fax
(813-975-4941).  Please include the amount of the expense, the date the
expense was incurred, and the date and amount of any payments that you have
made for the expense.

You may be eligible for other community resources, which would help you
financially.  For information about these services, please call the United
Way 2-1-1 of Manasota, Inc. at (941) 308-4357, or dial 211.

Please be assured that the Department of Children and Families will assist
you to obtain any services you are eligible to receive under Florida law.

Sincerely,

Klaudia Raprager
Government Operations Consultant
Department of Children and Families
SunCoast Region

CONFIDENTIALITY NOTICE:  This message and any attachments are for the sole
use of the intended recipient(s) and may contain confidential and
privileged information that is exempt from public disclosure.  Any
unauthorized review, use, disclosure, or distribution is prohibited.  If
you have received this message in error please contact the sender (by phone
or reply electronic mail) and then destroy all copies of the original
message.


From:	Perry Finck <perryff@earthlink.net>
Sent:	Tuesday, July 11, 2006 10:08 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	[*] I agree with your idea of having a stronger building code for the Panhandle.

I heard an argument that said that their ideas about the building code was scientific, and that was to end all debate to lower your proposed 120 mile an hour plan for the Panhandle..
There argument is not scientific because:
Even though the trees are taller, every year more and more are being cut down for housing, business, transportation, etc.  We also need to mention the deforestation by Ivan and Dennis.
If their logic was correct I should have had no damage at all from Ivan.  But I did and so did my neighbors.
They talk about the need for low cost housing.  The people who are claiming this need do not, for the most part, build this kind of housing.
Simply, I disagree with you on so many things that I have to commend you when you are correct.  The State needs the 120 mile/hour or even lower number for the Panhandle.
This is obvious from the cost of insurance, and the amount of devastation that Ivan and Dennis brought.
From:	Joe Major <j_major@bellsouth.net>
Sent:	Tuesday, July 11, 2006 9:50 AM
To:	jeb@jeb.org; Governor Jeb Bush
Cc:	Dr. C. E. Glover/Church; Allan Brown
Subject:	Do the State of Florida and the Governor's office allow  discrimination?
Attachments:	Gov. Jeb Bush # 3.doc

Do the State of Florida allow public officials to discriminate against Blacks? Blacks are being used because it appears that public officials of the non-African descent have established a pathern of calling Blacks and Black officials nigger, and even, worse public officials appearing to be using citizens, voters and taxpayers dollars to discriminate against Black men, woman and children blind, cripple and or crazy via demonstrating unfair treatment in the decision making level of our governments, refusing us equal time to speak during public hearing and not providing us information in a reasonable time and purposely, providing misinformation or with-hold important information and using our Black Officials against us because they are usually, in a majority.and appears to have full control over what politicians get prosecuted or not for their dirity deeds especially, when it comes to the Broward State Attorney's office who seems to call for a special prosecutor as often than, others. why? Is it because if, he prosecute his cronnies, it would be like prosecuting his - self.
 
Enough is enough. Something has to be done about this and now.
From:	Hygeia Halfmoon <peacefulsimplicity@yahoo.com>
Sent:	Tuesday, July 11, 2006 9:40 AM
To:	hhenri@sarasota-ymca.org; ggalan@sarasota-ymca.org; SR_Community_Relations_Office@dcf.state.fl.us
Cc:	Governor Jeb Bush; webmaster@gao.gov; AndersonP1@gao.gov; CongRel@gao.gov; oppaga@oppaga.fl.gov
Subject:	Aloha to the Oppressors of Jasmine Halfmoon

Aloha to the Oppressors of Jasmine Halfmoon,

Did you hug your kids last night?

Did you kiss them this morning?

Do you accept responsibility for the fact that my
daughter went to bed last night without a hug, and
Jasmine was denied her mother's kiss this morning?

If your children were suddenly ripped from your chest
I bet you would fit it into today's agenda to deal
with such a heart-wrenching crisis.

Every day that my daughter suffers from family
separation is yet another day of personal
accountability on the part of each and every person on
payroll who contributes to this abuse against Jasmine.

If you are not part of the solution, then you are part
of the problem.  What society doesn't see you do your
soul sadly witnesses.

May free-floating anxiety lead you to mental clarity
and a heartfelt commitment to end child abuse in the
guise of governmental intervention.

Grieving Mother,
Hygeia Halfmoon

__________________________________________________
Do You Yahoo!?
Tired of spam?  Yahoo! Mail has the best spam protection around 
http://mail.yahoo.com 
From:	Jeans4evr@aol.com
Sent:	Tuesday, July 11, 2006 9:24 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Check out MiamiHerald.com | 07/10/2006 | Letter to Editor

Dear Governor Bush:

My "poetic" message was accepted and printed in the Business Section of the Miami/Broward Herald on 7/10/06.  I thought it would be nice to share it with you and your staff.

Sincerely,


Vicki Lawrence
P.S.  This is really true! 

MailScanner has detected a possible fraud attempt from "www.miami.com" claiming to be Click here: MiamiHerald.com | 07/10/2006 | Letter to Editor            
From:	USMC 3rd Recon <usmclaw@bellsouth.net>
Sent:	Tuesday, July 11, 2006 9:27 AM
To:	Jones, Libby (COC)
Cc:	Governor Jeb Bush; tony.arrazola@bellsouth.com
Subject:	[*] Re: V23WQL

Importance:	High

This tag has never belonged to a Mazda. I sincerely hope that you have a track record of this since I have always had this tag with my current vehicle. So you best be able to prove that, I am going to have to take the trouble and go to a tag agency and get a report as to the issue of said tag and do your work since your research is incorrect Mr Jones. For the record...I own a Toyota 4Runner 1995 Black in color, that is the first thing...another is then if this tag has had a fine on it for such a long time then why have I been permitted for all these years to RENEW my tag and or is that another case for your research.
 
Tito Arrazola
 
 
----- Original Message ----- 
From: Jones, Libby (COC) 
To: usmclaw@bellsouth.net 
Sent: Tuesday, July 11, 2006 8:56 AM
Subject: V23WQL

Research shows that this tag was registered to a 1993 Mazda 4 door white vehicle.  The citations were issued to this vehicle during the time you owned the tag.  As stated before these old tickets were then transferred to your most current tag.
From:	Nbfor139@aol.com
Sent:	Tuesday, July 11, 2006 9:11 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush; marshall.marti.s03@flsenate.gov; speakout@foxnews.com
Subject:	DOC Critique
Attachments:	DOC Critque 2.rtf

Please consider.
From:	vendo5@yahoo.com on behalf of John Nooney <vendo5@yahoo.com>
Sent:	Tuesday, July 11, 2006 9:09 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	[*] OFWB PUBLIC ACCESS

 	 	 	 
	
		

 	 	 	 
002_02 
 	
	

	
  Check out my photos


  _____  

vendo5 has invited you to view a photo album on Yahoo! Photos

Governor Bush, Please help. 
Craig Fugate, Please help. 
Mayor Peyton, Were a Super Bowl city. Save the bridge. Please. 
Mr. Kirby Green (SJRWMD), What is the status of the EPA case with Balfour Beatty and 4-031-18228-8? Please help. 


	 		 
	
		View 002_02	 		
 	 	 	 
	

		
	 		 
	
	
 	 	 	 
	
			
		Try Yahoo! Photos for yourself Got digital pictures of your own? Upload them to Yahoo! Photos - then share them with friends and even get 35mm-quality prints. Find out more.	 	 	 	Get 10 FREE Prints
Order Prints of vendo5's photos for yourself - your first 10 are FREE! Just click "Order Prints" while viewing photos to get started.
		
			
 	 	 	 
	
If you can't see the button above, copy and paste this web address into your browser's web address bar: http://pg.photos.yahoo.com/ph/vendo5/detail?.dir=/18d3re2&.dnm=227cre2.jpg&.src=ph&.tok=phRnkKFBg3RvqEMx	 
  _____  

Copyright © 2006 Yahoo! Inc. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy - Terms of Service 
From:	Stanley Sawicki <stansawicki@hotmail.com>
Sent:	Tuesday, July 11, 2006 9:05 AM
To:	stansawicki@hotmail.com; Lincoln_B@msn.com; Governor Jeb Bush; ccampana63@hotmail.com; CGonza2324@aol.com; ccjp1990@verizon.net; gbconnor1@aol.com; nevilledobson@hotmail.com; jennifer.evans@pfizer.com; dbowers1@hotmail.com; markf21@cfl.rr.com; garyhand@optonline.net; ronan@ptd.net; obs@soundhealing.org; johnwh@aol.com; david@ionlife.org; jaysaw@optonline.net; JKr00000@aol.com; kathleencheeta23@aol.com; macksullivan@yahoo.com; kj26@comcast.net; billsjack@earthlink.net; phredv@sccu.com; katherinemmorris@aol.com; lvitale@nc.rr.com; crabshack@comcast.net; lm_smith77@yahoo.com; K2Songbird19@aol.com; cynthia.swartz@zurichna.com; RJASSMAN@webtv.net; ted1227@hotmail.com; skybiz-jml@inorbit.com; twotoesshort@earthlink.net; Georgeplmby@aol.com; joanne.sawicki@zurichna.com
Subject:	[*] Please  Stan says you have to read this and take action






  _____  

From: johnwh@aol.com
To: AeroPlyCo@aol.com
CC: kernel@infionline.net, w3hh@hotmail.com, Freedonn51@aol.com, thousworth@cfl.rr.com, rqbn@earthlink.net, awl@infionline.net, loveymac@comcast.net, MERLGAUG@aol.com, Nancyhh3@wmconnect.com, w1hgl@excite.com, jersey901@cox.net, radfleajim@yahoo.com, stansawicki@hotmail.com, SVETTEGIRL@aol.com, macs427gt@comcast.net, tisch333@msn.com
Subject: YOU NEED TO READ THIS!!!!!!!!!!!
Date: Tue, 11 Jul 2006 08:25:54 EDT



Subject: FW: Social Security - YOU NEED TO READ THIS!!! 


 

!!This is so important for each and every one of us to know. Please read it and pass it on to as many as you can!

Subject: Fw: Social Security

 

 

THIS IS SOOOOO IMPORTANT FOR PEOPLE LIKE US


WHY WAIT UNTIL 2008?  THERE IS AN ELECTION IN 2006.  I HEREWITH FIRMLY STATE THAT I WILL NOT VOTE FOR ANY POLITICIAN, REGARDLESS OF THE OTHER ISSUES, IF HE DOES NOT SPONSOR AND SUPPORT THE FOLLOWING LEGISLATION. THAT INCLUDES EVERYONE STANDING FOR ELECTION IN 2006. 

LET US SHOW OUR LEADERS IN WASHINGTON "PEOPLE POWER" AND THE POWER OF THE INTERNET.  LET ME KNOW IF YOU ARE WITH ME ON THIS BY FORWARDING TO EVERYONE IN YOUR ADDRESS BOOK. 

 

IT DOESN'T MATTER IF YOU ARE REPUBLICAN OR DEMOCRAT!




KEEP IT GOING!!!!



2008 Election Issue!!

GET A BILL STARTED TO PLACE ALL POLITICIANS ON SOC. SEC.


This must be an issue in "2008" Please! Keep it going.

----------------------------------

SOCIAL SECURITY:

(This is worth reading. It is short and to the point.)

Perhaps we are asking the wrong questions during election years.

Our Senators and Congresswomen do not pay into Social Security and, of course, they do not collect from it.

You see, Social Security benefits were not suitable for persons of their rare elevation in societyThey felt they should have a special! plan for themselves. So, many years ago they voted in their own benefit plan.

In more recent years, no congressperson has felt the need to change it. After all, it is a great plan.


 


For all practical purposes their plan works like this:


 


When they retire, they continue to draw the same pay until! they die.



Except it may increase from time to time for cost of living adjustments..



For example, Senator Byrd and Congressman White and their wives may expect to draw $7,800,000.00 (that's Seven Million, Eight-Hundred Thousand Dollars), with their wives drawing $275,000.00 during the last years of their lives.

This is calculated on an average life span for each of th ose two Dignitaries.


 


Younger Dignitaries who retire at an early age, will receive much more during the rest of their lives.


 


Their cost for this excellent plan is $0.00. NADA....ZILCH....


 


This little perk they voted for themselves is free to them. You and I pick up the tab for this plan. The funds for this fine retirement plan come directly from the General Funds;


 


"OUR TAX DOLLA RS AT WORK"!


 


From our own Social Security Plan, which you and I pay (or have paid) into,-every payday until we retire (which amount is matched by our employer)-we can expect to get an average of $1,000 per month after retirement.


 


Or, in other words, we would have to collect our average of $1,000 monthly benefits for 68 years and one (1) month to equal Senator! Bill Bradley's benefits!


 





Social Security could be very good if only one small change were made.

Tha t change! would be to:




Jerk the Golden Fleece Retirement Plan from under the Senators and Congressmen. Put them into the Social Security plan with the rest of us


then sit back.....


 


and see how fast they would fix it


 


If enough people receive this, maybe a seed of awareness will be planted and maybe good changes will evolve.


 


How many people CAN you send this to?




Better yet.....


How many people WILL you send this to ?




  _____  

It’s the future of Hotmail: Try Windows Live Mail beta 
From:	Tina Shreve <b_ballmom43@yahoo.com>
Sent:	Tuesday, July 11, 2006 8:53 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Fwd: Re: Your Email to Governor Bush
Attachments:	Re: Your Email to Governor Bush



Note: forwarded message attached.

  _____  

Do you Yahoo!?
Next-gen email? Have it all with the all-new Yahoo! Mail Beta.
From:	Stephen Meredith <SMeredith@mercuryinsurance.com>
Sent:	Tuesday, July 11, 2006 8:51 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Picker shortage

Governor Bush,
 
I just read a blurb in the St. Pete Times that apparently the State of Florida and its' citrus growers may have a picker shortage leaving an estimated 9 million boxes of oranges on trees. How about if you announce a "volunteer" effort for people to go to a website and volunteer to spend a day picking oranges? If it is a labor law issue, can the volunteers be paid in oranges? I would do it just to get out and spend a day with nature while helping my fellow Floridian....
 
Let me know...
 
Steve Meredith
1008 Spindle Palm Way
Apollo Beach, FL 33572 
 
P.S. Had to send this from work or I would have forgotten....
From:	Stohlberg, Peter L. <peter.l.stohlberg@usa-spaceops.com>
Sent:	Tuesday, July 11, 2006 8:47 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	[*] RE: [*] Personal Request

Thank you very much for your reply. Please thank the Governor for taking time out of his busy schedule and responding, it is greatly appreciated. Also, please inform the Governor that if he chooses to remain in public office that he has not only my support but my family’s support as well.

Thank you again.

Sincerely,

 

Peter L. Stohlberg
 

Peter L. Stohlberg 
Phone: 321-264-8228 

-----Original Message-----
From: Governor Jeb Bush [mailto:Jeb.Bush@MyFlorida.com]
Sent: Friday, July 07, 2006 5:01 PM
To: Stohlberg, Peter L.
Subject: RE: [*] Personal Request



Dear Mr. Stohlberg:

                      

Florida Governor Jeb Bush received the email you sent him and asked me to reply. 

 

As you may know, the federal government oversees military affairs and the Bureau of Prisons and Governor Bush has no authority to intervene. Your best source of assistance is your United States Congressional Delegation. You can find contact information for your United States Senators and Representative at this web site... 

 

http://www.congress.org

 

The Florida US Senators information is as follows:

 

The Honorable Mel Martinez                                The Honorable Bill Nelson

317 Hart Senate Office Building                          716 Hart Senate Office Building

Washington, DC 20510                                        Washington, DC 20510    

(202) 224-3041                                                      (202) 224-5274

(407) 254-2573 Orlando Office                            (888) 671-4091 Orlando Office

 

Governor Bush hopes this information is helpful.  The Governor wishes he could be of more assistance, please know this is due to lack of jurisdiction and not lack of concern.


Thank you very much for writing,
LD McDonald 

Aide to Governor Bush

Office of Citizen Services

-----Original Message-----
From: Stohlberg, Peter L. [mailto:peter.l.stohlberg@usa-spaceops.com]
Sent: Tuesday, June 06, 2006 4:49 PM
To: Governor Jeb Bush
Subject: [*] Personal Request



Dear Mr. Governor, 

        First off I would like to commend you on the outstanding job you and your administration have done since taking office. I especially appreciate your budget scrutiny, your educational changes, (especially the FCAT program & results), as well has how you have managed to deal with so many hurricane after-effects. This latter point of hurricane support & clean up, compared to our surrounding states, Florida has responded in an outstanding manner, achieving outstanding results. Our society owes not only you, but also numerous members of your family, a great deal of gratitude. Thank you Mr. Governor.

        The main reason for this correspondence is to solicit an assent to a personal request. The request that I am making is not for myself, but for my son, Christopher Aaron Stohlberg, (Aaron).

        Aaron's story and the circumstances surrounding his dilemma is very long and I will not bore you with the many details. Briefly, Aaron is a product of a broken home, forced by the courts to reside with his mother. The two were in constant battles due to the fact that she was living with an undesirable person in an extremely abusive relationship. This living arrangement with his mother created an angry youth. Subsequently, this anger landed Aaron in prison for several of is teenage years. Aaron, wanting to better himself and hopefully turn his life around, managed to obtain a GED while in prison. However, after being released from prison still under age, Aaron was returned to his mother's home, (this is due to the fact that I was working and living overseas and the court would not allow him to reside with me).  Aaron was now living in a neighborhood that was filled with hateful and angry neighbors. Again, Aaron's anger got the better of him and he set fire to one of the neighbor’s cars. This act landed him in Federal prison, sentenced to serve 30 years. 

        After being released, (paroled), on good behavior, Aaron again attempted to straighten out his life. Some of the conditions of his parole required that he pay approximately $400 dollars per month in restitution, and $40 or $50 dollars per probation meeting. Wanting desperately to turn his life around Aaron applied for any and all available job openings within an hour’s drive of his residence. But what Aaron found, was not gainful employment, but an unwelcome response by society. Aaron could not find work even as a baggier in the local supermarkets. All that potential employers had to hear was that he had a Felony charge against him and no work was offered. Aaron even attempted to enlist in the service but no branch of the Armed Forces would have him. After taking numerous day labor types of jobs, jobs that paid below minimum wage, (he was told to take it or find work elsewhere), Aaron could neither pay his probation officer nor his restitution. This landed Aaron back in prison for the remainder of his initial sentence, 20 years. There are numerous other circumstances, issues etc. involved here, but knowing you are busy with other important issues, I will keep this as brief as possible. 

This is the personal request that I would like to make; 

        Aaron has just turned 22 years of age, and is still incarcerated. He is a bright young individual possessing a great many talents, both physical and intellectual talents and abilities. However, at this point in time, Aaron's life is pretty much over. If he found opposition by society to his past transgressions, at age 16 - 19, just imagine the opposition and barriers he will face in society when released at age 40 - 42. 

        What I would like to request is that Aaron be removed from incarceration and be placed in the U. S. Army. I am NOT asking for any type of a reprieve with this request. I am offering an alternative solution to what appears to be a "No Win" situation. This request to move Aaron, from incarceration to active service, would give Aaron a chance to straighten out his life as well as redeem himself and possibly make something of a life for himself. This act would allow Aaron to pay his restitution, (automatic payroll deduction), as well as pay any additional debts that he owes to society. This act would also allow Aaron to do something valuable for society while paying his debt. I would prefer, (as most parents would), that my son have a chance to serve our country with honor than to have him rot away, at tax payer expense, in a Federal prison, accomplishing nothing of value. Also, knowing full well that if he were to remain incarcerated, that he would leave the prison system no wiser and worse off than he went in. And again, he would enter back into society with no means of paying his restitution nor find a means to become self-supporting. The latter option of leaving him incarcerated makes no sense for the betterment of our society. The former option, of placing Aaron in a position that would allow him to redeem himself and pay all of his debts back to society, seems like a Win - Win situation for everyone.  As a parent I am begging you to please give this some careful consideration. I am not pleading for my sake, but for the sake of Aaron's future and the sake of a better society and find a way to break this cycle

        
 A brief example that this type of option has worked in the past and I believe that it could work today. 
During the years 1972-1976 I had served a 4-year hitch with the Navy supporting the Vietnam conflict efforts.  I know in my heart that any amount of time served in the military will offer more rewards and opened more doors than any single organization can in our society today. During the Vietnam era a program had been put in place that offered this type of option, to either go to prison or go to war, (Vietnam). This type of program appeared to have been a success during the draft years of the late 60's and early 70's. Those draft years were also a time when the Armed Forces found it difficult to fulfill its personnel needs, (as the situation is today). On a personal note; I had several friends, and several people that I had served with, that turned their lives around because they had been given the fore mentioned war option. I believe that Aaron can be rehabilitated and he will contribute a great deal back to society if given this option. This belief had become apparent to anyone that Aaron had ever work for, or any person that had come to know him, Aaron is worth helping and saving.  

A brief bit of personal information about myself. During the trouble years, that Aaron was going through, I had been employed as a customer rep. living and working abroad. I had been employed by Pratt & Whitney to support their commercial engine program, first living and working in Egypt, and then Germany. However, after 9/11 the airline engine business was greatly downsized.  Due to this downsizing P&W closed many of their overseas offices. After closing down the office that I had been working from I was returned back to the states jobless. After being unemployed for more than a year I was finally able to obtain employment back at the Space center, (KSC). Once I was able to establish a residence I had managed to talk Aaron into leaving his undesirable dwelling and associates and reside with me. During the short time that Aaron had resided with me I came to realize the enormous potential that Aaron had within himself. The few jobs that had been offered to Aaron, he managed to prove himself by worked long and hard hours, seven days a week if the work was available. I know, as well the businessmen that employed Aaron knows, he desperately wants to turn his life around. All he needs is a chance and an opportunity, possibly the opportunity that I am proposing here. So please, please I respectfully request that this "War Option", that I am proposing, be given some careful consideration. 

        Again Mr. Governor, I would like to thank you for the outstanding job you have done for this state. Thank you for giving your time and attention to this request. We are all praying for a favorable response.


Thank you again, 
Sincerely & Respectfully, 


Peter L. Stohlberg 
5199 Vance Place 
Cocoa, FL. 32927 
321-637-1425 

Christopher Aaron Stohlberg 
E-13560-DZ-119V 
Gulf C. I. Main Unit 
500 Ike Steele Road 
Wewahitchka, FL. 
32465 

Peter L. Stohlberg 
Phone: 321-264-8228 


From:	Geiger, Dale E. <Dale.E.Geiger@usa-spaceops.com>
Sent:	Tuesday, July 11, 2006 8:35 AM
To:	fl09@mail.house.gov; Governor Jeb Bush; fl01@mail.house.gov; cstearns@mail.house.gov; John.Mica@mail.house.gov; ask.adam@mail.house.gov; miller13@mail.house.gov; porter.goss@mail.house.gov; fla15@mail.house.gov; mark.foley@mail.house.gov; clay.shaw@mail.house.gov
Subject:	Destitution
Attachments:	adorno.doc

Importance:	High

 
 
From:	Lewis Allen <LALLEN9436@tampabay.rr.com>
Sent:	Tuesday, July 11, 2006 7:10 AM
To:	Waters, Leslie; Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Insurance Problems

Jeb, Leslie,
 
I would like to ask both of you one question.
 
     I understand the government claims that they can't control the raising prices for insurance. But, why can't they control the insurance companies that charge these high rates and then just dump people and don't pay for their claims.
 
     I feel like I am wasting my money, if I spend all of these years paying for insurance and a storm comes thru and tears up my home, and then I have to wait for FEMA for money to rebuild with. That is why I am paying these high rates, I don't want to have to depend on the Government to repair my home. That is the responsibility of my insurance company, bought and paid for!
 
     Jeb, I am really disappointed that you are leaving office without fixing this insurance problem. Finding a solution for the insurance problem should not be left to the future. You could solve the problem and not worry about stepping on toes. You will be gone. Want to make some friends that will really remember you? Solve the insurance problem before you leave office.
 
Have a magical day,
 
 
Lewis Allen
Largo, Fl
From:	Jack Thompson <magiccity@comcast.net>
Sent:	Tuesday, July 11, 2006 7:00 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush; Rodriguez, Raquel; richardb@gtlaw.com; hmc@bedellfirm.com; lak@tewlaw.com; slerman@lsl-law.com
Cc:	ray reiser
Subject:	Letter to Florida Democratic Party Chairman Re Bush Corruption

John B. Thompson, Attorney at Law

1172 South Dixie Hwy., Suite 111

Coral Gables, Florida 33146

305-666-4366

 

July 11, 2006

 

Karen Thurman

Chairman

Florida Democratic Party

214 South Bronough Street
Tallahassee, FL 32301  Fax: 850.222.0916

 

Re:  Governor Bush and Corruption

 

Dear Ms. Thurman:

 

As you know, another wave of revelations about corruption within Governor Bush’s administration has now hit, and your comments in response thereto are reported in today’s Miami Herald at http://www.miami.com/mld/miamiherald/15010141.htm .

 

I am a lifelong Republican who voted for Jeb Bush three times and campaigned to get him elected but who can tell you and the Democratic Party of additional corruption, this time involving Governor Bush personally.  

 

It involves the distribution of pornography to children with Governor Bush looking the other way because it has been facilitated by former Florida GOP Chairman Al Cardenas and his Tew Cardenas law firm.  Cardenas has in fact committed perjury to cover it up, and Bush knows it.  

 

Governor Bush has refused to appoint a special prosecutor to investigate Cardenas and those who have distributed this sexual material to kids, and thus I have had to file a writ of mandamus action now pending before the Florida Supreme Court to try to compel Governor Bush to appoint a special prosecutor to fairly investigate the company which has distributed this porn to children.  The company is a large RNC donor, as is Cardenas.

 

I am more than willing to meet with you and other Democratic Party officials to explain how deeply Governor Bush’s “ethics” image is tarnished by this cover-up of the mental molestation of minors for money by a Republican corporation and its Al Cardenas lobbyists.  

 

Regards, Jack Thompson



Jack Thompson, Attorney
Land line: 305-666-4366, Cell: 305-588-3005
1172 South Dixie Hwy, Suite 111
Coral Gables, FL USA 33146  magiccity@comcast.net
 
 
From:	LoryChadwick7@aol.com
Sent:	Tuesday, July 11, 2006 6:25 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	[*] Greetings Mr. Bush

Hello, I am a Floridian, born and raised.  Mr. Bush, please don't run for presidency, nor take vice presidency.  
 
I feel that you have done a wonderful job as a Gov. when it comes to the weather (hurricanes)  I feel you would be most beneficial to all of America as the head of FEMA.  You are calm and concerned with our problems when it comes to disasters, and I believe you mean it sincerely.
 
Don't follow in your father and brother's shoes.  They make you look like a king compared to what they have done to what you have done with hurricanes and disasters in Florida.   You have compassion unlike your family,  You are different as Florida is. and the country would benefit you to lead in disaster help.   I believe you care.
 
YOU will not get my vote for presidency and I can promise you, I will join the democratic team to fight it. And  I was a republican 
once.
 
Please remember why you got in this business.  Please remember what hell your brother has caused.  Please don't put your name in a situation in history that will once say the Bush's cared only for themselves.  Be the Bush that stands out.  Be the Bush that America and the world says he really did good for people.  He didn't kill Americans, he cared that they survived.
 
I don't believe you are like your sibling nor your father, I believe you are sincere, please work in a place that needs you, that deserves your effort.  FEMA is messed up.  YOU are wonderful with disasters.  I am not a fortune teller, but I can say, you will do the world and people more service being with FEMA than being a vice president or president.
 
Do YOU really want that job?  Please, don't follow in your brothers shoes, make your own history.  
 
YOU don't have to be the main engine to make a the world work.  YOU are a great calmer.  And with our Global problems, I am sure you will help more people by being head of FEMA.
 
Please Mr. Bush, listen to me.
Lory Chadwick
: )
From:	sentayi ponsious <sentayipons@yahoo.com>
Sent:	Tuesday, July 11, 2006 6:04 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	RE: help me

your wife recived my fax respond on it pliz help me

Governor Jeb Bush <Jeb.Bush@MyFlorida.com> wrote: 

How may we assist you?
 

-----Original Message-----
From: sentayi ponsious [mailto:sentayipons@yahoo.com]
Sent: Wednesday, June 28, 2006 11:14 AM
To: Governor Jeb Bush
Subject: help me


iam sentayii need your helppliz 
__________________________________________________
Do You Yahoo!?
Tired of spam? Yahoo! Mail has the best spam protection around 
http://mail.yahoo.com 


  _____  

Sneak preview the MailScanner has detected a possible fraud attempt from "us.rd.yahoo.com" claiming to be all-new Yahoo.com. It's not radically different. Just radically better. 
From:	Richard Duvigneaud <sebring_man@yahoo.com>
Sent:	Tuesday, July 11, 2006 5:34 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Redneck Justice

Richard Duvigneaud
4123 Santiago Street
Sebring, FL 33872-2232


July 11, 2006

The Honorable Jeb Bush
Governor of Florida
The Capitol, 400 S. Monroe St.
Tallahassee, FL 32399-0001


 Governor Bush:

Mr President: Here's Analogy to your War in Iraq:

Spouse sucker-punches you, as you leave for work. You return from work, 
angry, then go to the yard and kick the dog.

Your Iraq War is an unwinnable Holy War, a sorry excuse for killing our 
soldiers, and a diversion from the War on Terror.

Where is UBL? Are we fighting Islamic fundamentalists? No, we are 
occupying a land so that a Holy War can be fought as a diversion, instead 
of fighting terrorists. 

I am NOT against war. I am against your Holy War because it will not win 
the hearts and minds of Iraqis, as you promised. Your Administration is a 
failure, and you hold every tax payer hostage through your folly, and 
giveaway programs for millionaires and illegal aliens from Mexico.

Sincerely,


Richard Duvigneaud
8633855687

This message has been verified by CapwizXC as authentic and sent by this 
individual.  Authentication ID: [03adykq0]


From:	heather510 seely <moxy6388@yahoo.com>
Sent:	Tuesday, July 11, 2006 5:28 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	1000 to be arrested

gutierl@isp.state.il.us, hectorr@isp.state.il.us, hamptol@isp.state.il.us
 
Here is who got the email above, and your state state's that it against the law to inpersonate other in business, inpostering as them.  See there is what is known as a law group who wanted to use my fucked up familys name's on there crap, why is my family fucked up because some of the real one's were seen with acclent, well the divorsed out familys were, and my mom's old family she real is dead, and her family that she was last married into who didn't honer the will, real was seen with one of the acclent familys in 2005 on the boarder of michigan. no lie, I am not saying that to just get even because of a will that is was I saw with my own eyes.  Today another tearful day because I just asked for police reportes to be put on inposter familys this Cole Judge, Dynetta Cole il state rep, and the fake Daley cop family, and Chief Clines office refused, and the IL state police refused. I WAS FORSED TO CALL THE CHICAGO FBI OFFICE THEY ARE MAKING NOTE'S OF THAT AND THE TRY POD BANK CRAP THAT IS GOING ON IN CHICAGO, what that is all about is there is COLE bank and the vice president or president isn't a COLE and they are accepting payment in my birth name and they are not THOMAS R. COLE FAMILY OR ME.  and the other thing that I reported was the NB FIANICAL fighing the COLE BANK and one manager is using the MCCARTY NAME ON HER BUSINESS CARD, AND SHE IS NOT A MCCARTY.
 
chicago FBI office complaint dest 312-433-8025  mulit things told, and media stalkers too.
 
HURRY UP.
 
50 COMPANYS ARE TO BE SHUT DOWN.  
 
COLE APARTMENT'S IN CHICAGO IL IS NOT ALLOWED TO ACCEPT PAYMENT ACTING AS THE COLE FAMILY EITHER,, I DO NOT OWN AN APARTMENT BUILDING.
 
FIND MY REAL DAD.
AMY HEATHER COLE MCCARTY SEELY
[REDACTED]
63 EAST LAKE STREET #209
CHICAGO IL 60601
574-386-6888
 
I still have my florida driver's licence and I will not change it. You state will not allow what is known a quid citys, and multi fake familys, you can legal issue out an arrest warrent
706 north east 2nd street #8
Fort Lauderdale Fl 30301
From:	Douglas Robie <douglas_robie@yahoo.com>
Sent:	Tuesday, July 11, 2006 4:00 AM
To:	Douglas Robie; doug.robie@gmail.com; srobie@aol.com; veek2o@gmail.com; jluce@qwest.net; sprobie@hotmail.com; comfcom@warwick.net; slprobie@aol.com; gkesich@pressherald.com; feedback@redcross.ca; office@net.va; Governor Jeb Bush; alice@caltech.edu; blackbirdfumino@yahoo.co.jp; letters@washpost.com; letterstotheeditor@bostonherald.com; bakkos@hotmail.com; niklaus.mauerhofer@zkb.ch; mrobie@tdstelme.net; dsutton@somtel.com; kokejlova.radka@volksbank.cz; markus.walder@credit-suisse.com; acsbkk@state.gov; acschn@state.gov; webmaster@usdoj.gov; i-house@hicat.ne.jp; keith.hennessey@fmr.com; michael.vardaro@fmr.com; devang.shah@fmr.com; david.winkler@fmr.com; kenneth.bondurant@fmr.com; chris@lehman.com; kandree@lehman.com; president@whitehouse.gov; vice.president@whitehouse.gov; comments@whitehouse.gov
Subject:	Re: questioning my beliefs perceptions and sanity

I see IT chopping letters again and sending the email twice . please ignore these stupid IT games.  

Douglas Robie <douglas_robie@yahoo.com> wrote: 

I see by questioning by belief that I saw the taka I married at aeon in october and spoke to her on the phone since and starting to doubt my gut instinc which  tells me this is her both in he photo my grandmther gave me and at the embassy and I again made the mistake of falling into a trap of quesioning myself, most likely aeons trap because the reality is they are in control of the whole situation and responsible for her. I suspect his company is very dirty but I do not want to push them, because I saw several clues since I wrote the last email which make me believe it is dangerous to say anything, this would also match with my observation of the woman dressed in black with the medical bag giving takako a threatening look when I was there in october. I also suspect Jon Cohen is somehow involved in the company also. I am suspicous he may even be in Japan. There were definately overtones to this affect at he japanese embassy.

Douglas Robie <douglas_robie@yahoo.com> wrote: 

when I say cafe in the previous email this is not to be confused with the other cafe mark swanson was referring to, the cafe I was talking about in the previous email is the mister donut cafe at the train station in takas hometown where the "taka" i was talking to on the phone for god knows how many years thinking it really was taka, told me to meet her at when i first got there, this was a a different cafe from the cafe this person "mark swanson" (who could pass for my twin brother ) who teaches english at junior high school  in kurume who was waiting for me outside the an internet shop on one occaison and who must have be told by soemone to come meet me there and talk to me, was pointing at when he said "i'll be right over there waiting for you" I went inside this cafe several times also but saw no one I recognized. 

Douglas Robie <douglas_robie@yahoo.com> wrote: 

correction to the previous email The first sentence was altered, it should not read "It is a real possibilty", but rather what is written below, I am not sure the orginal email was sent because the computer was timing out becuase of the large size so I am starting a new thread repeating the last email of the previous thread.
 
There is a possiblity I am wrong about the woman at Aeon with the tatoo necklace, I am pretty certain is the same woman in the government computers I saw at the embassy and also the same woman in the picture my grandmother gave me she claimed to have gotten in an letter from takako several years ago, but looking at the photo in the computer and the photo itself when i was at the japanese embassy I think it was the same person but the tatoo was not visble in the photo and in both case the person looked younger then I remember my ex wife being and i cannot even be sure this was the same woman i saw in person, so it is possible I am screwed up myself up by looking at this photo so many times over the years that I overwrote my memory of what the real takako looks like. This would also fit togehter with a national or international level conspriracy of somekind. The fact is I do not know what the hell is going on so anyone making decisions based on my babble would be a fool, I am again worried about the henry paulson mindgame lines in the press and the secratary of treasury and american competitveness clues all make me worry the us, israel, and the US all are consprirng against takakos father or using him or the temple as cover also. I really hope if I go back to Japan again the authorites there will see the wisdom in telling me the truth because I sense my insanity in terms of my not knowing what is going on there is causing me to say all kinds of stupid things, as ideas bounce around inside my head like ping pong balls. If they would just level with me I am certain my anxiety would diminsh and I could easily adapt to doing whatever would be best for takako and her family presuming they are there somewhere. The deceptions are what is making me paranoid and causing me to write all these emails because not being certain of anything I am constantly paranoid of saying the wrong thing so am constantly revisng my thoughts and beliefs. The woman who scared me most of all of them was the the taka lookalike woman I met in the cafe. she did not have a tatoo. I have no clue who she is but she had a razor sharp wit and an acid tongue. I am still traumatized by talking to this woman, whoever she was and I am starting to think it is  possible none of the women I saw in Japan when I was there is october was the same woman I was married to.


Douglas J Robie




Douglas J Robie




Douglas J Robie




Douglas J Robie
From:	Douglas Robie <douglas_robie@yahoo.com>
Sent:	Tuesday, July 11, 2006 3:58 AM
To:	Douglas Robie; doug.robie@gmail.com; srobie@aol.com; veek2o@gmail.com; jluce@qwest.net; sprobie@hotmail.com; comfcom@warwick.net; slprobie@aol.com; gkesich@pressherald.com; feedback@redcross.ca; office@net.va; Governor Jeb Bush; alice@caltech.edu; blackbirdfumino@yahoo.co.jp; letters@washpost.com; letterstotheeditor@bostonherald.com; bakkos@hotmail.com; niklaus.mauerhofer@zkb.ch; mrobie@tdstelme.net; dsutton@somtel.com; kokejlova.radka@volksbank.cz; markus.walder@credit-suisse.com; acsbkk@state.gov; acschn@state.gov; webmaster@usdoj.gov; i-house@hicat.ne.jp; keith.hennessey@fmr.com; michael.vardaro@fmr.com; devang.shah@fmr.com; david.winkler@fmr.com; kenneth.bondurant@fmr.com; chris@lehman.com; kandree@lehman.com; president@whitehouse.gov; vice.president@whitehouse.gov; comments@whitehouse.gov
Subject:	Re: questioning my beliefs perceptions and sanity

I see by questioning by belief that I saw the taka I married at aeon in october and spoke to her on the phone since and starting to doubt my gut instinc which  tells me this is her both in he photo my grandmther gave me and at the embassy and I again made the mistake of falling into a trap of quesioning myself, most likely aeons trap because the reality is they are in control of the whole situation and responsible for her. I suspect his company is very dirty but I do not want to push them, because I saw several clues since I wrote the last email which make me believe it is dangerous to say anything, this would also match with my observation of the woman dressed in black with the medical bag giving takako a threatening look when I was there in october. I also suspect Jon Cohen is somehow involved in the company also. I am suspicous he may even be in Japan. There were definately overtones to this affect at he japanese embassy.

Douglas Robie <douglas_robie@yahoo.com> wrote: 

when I say cafe in the previous email this is not to be confused with the other cafe mark swanson was referring to, the cafe I was talking about in the previous email is the mister donut cafe at the train station in takas hometown where the "taka" i was talking to on the phone for god knows how many years thinking it really was taka, told me to meet her at when i first got there, this was a a different cafe from the cafe this person "mark swanson" (who could pass for my twin brother ) who teaches english at junior high school  in kurume who was waiting for me outside the an internet shop on one occaison and who must have be told by soemone to come meet me there and talk to me, was pointing at when he said "i'll be right over there waiting for you" I went inside this cafe several times also but saw no one I recognized. 

Douglas Robie <douglas_robie@yahoo.com> wrote: 

correction to the previous email The first sentence was altered, it should not read "It is a real possibilty", but rather what is written below, I am not sure the orginal email was sent because the computer was timing out becuase of the large size so I am starting a new thread repeating the last email of the previous thread.
 
There is a possiblity I am wrong about the woman at Aeon with the tatoo necklace, I am pretty certain is the same woman in the government computers I saw at the embassy and also the same woman in the picture my grandmother gave me she claimed to have gotten in an letter from takako several years ago, but looking at the photo in the computer and the photo itself when i was at the japanese embassy I think it was the same person but the tatoo was not visble in the photo and in both case the person looked younger then I remember my ex wife being and i cannot even be sure this was the same woman i saw in person, so it is possible I am screwed up myself up by looking at this photo so many times over the years that I overwrote my memory of what the real takako looks like. This would also fit togehter with a national or international level conspriracy of somekind. The fact is I do not know what the hell is going on so anyone making decisions based on my babble would be a fool, I am again worried about the henry paulson mindgame lines in the press and the secratary of treasury and american competitveness clues all make me worry the us, israel, and the US all are consprirng against takakos father or using him or the temple as cover also. I really hope if I go back to Japan again the authorites there will see the wisdom in telling me the truth because I sense my insanity in terms of my not knowing what is going on there is causing me to say all kinds of stupid things, as ideas bounce around inside my head like ping pong balls. If they would just level with me I am certain my anxiety would diminsh and I could easily adapt to doing whatever would be best for takako and her family presuming they are there somewhere. The deceptions are what is making me paranoid and causing me to write all these emails because not being certain of anything I am constantly paranoid of saying the wrong thing so am constantly revisng my thoughts and beliefs. The woman who scared me most of all of them was the the taka lookalike woman I met in the cafe. she did not have a tatoo. I have no clue who she is but she had a razor sharp wit and an acid tongue. I am still traumatized by talking to this woman, whoever she was and I am starting to think it is  possible none of the women I saw in Japan when I was there is october was the same woman I was married to.


Douglas J Robie




Douglas J Robie




Douglas J Robie
From:	Douglas Robie <douglas_robie@yahoo.com>
Sent:	Tuesday, July 11, 2006 3:57 AM
To:	Douglas Robie; doug.robie@gmail.com; srobie@aol.com; veek2o@gmail.com; jluce@qwest.net; sprobie@hotmail.com; comfcom@warwick.net; slprobie@aol.com; gkesich@pressherald.com; feedback@redcross.ca; office@net.va; Governor Jeb Bush; alice@caltech.edu; blackbirdfumino@yahoo.co.jp; letters@washpost.com; letterstotheeditor@bostonherald.com; bakkos@hotmail.com; niklaus.mauerhofer@zkb.ch; mrobie@tdstelme.net; dsutton@somtel.com; kokejlova.radka@volksbank.cz; markus.walder@credit-suisse.com; acsbkk@state.gov; acschn@state.gov; webmaster@usdoj.gov; i-house@hicat.ne.jp; keith.hennessey@fmr.com; michael.vardaro@fmr.com; devang.shah@fmr.com; david.winkler@fmr.com; kenneth.bondurant@fmr.com; chris@lehman.com; kandree@lehman.com; president@whitehouse.gov; vice.president@whitehouse.gov; comments@whitehouse.gov
Subject:	Re: questioning my beliefs perceptions and sanity

I see by questioning by belief that I saw the taka I married at aeon in october and spoke to her on the phone since and starting to doubt my gut instinc which  tells me this is her both in he photo my grandmther gave me and at the embassy and I again made the mistake of falling into a trap of quesioning myself, most likely aeons trap because the reality is they are in control of the whole situation and responsible for her. I suspect his company is very dirty but I do not want to push them, because I saw several clues since I wrote the last email which make me believe it is dangerous to say anything, this would also match with my observation of the woman dressed in black with the medical bag giving takako a threatening look when I was there in october. I also suspect Jon Cohen is somehow involved in the company also. I am suspicous he may even be in Japan. There were definately overtones o this affect at he japanese embassy.

Douglas Robie <douglas_robie@yahoo.com> wrote: 

when I say cafe in the previous email this is not to be confused with the other cafe mark swanson was referring to, the cafe I was talking about in the previous email is the mister donut cafe at the train station in takas hometown where the "taka" i was talking to on the phone for god knows how many years thinking it really was taka, told me to meet her at when i first got there, this was a a different cafe from the cafe this person "mark swanson" (who could pass for my twin brother ) who teaches english at junior high school  in kurume who was waiting for me outside the an internet shop on one occaison and who must have be told by soemone to come meet me there and talk to me, was pointing at when he said "i'll be right over there waiting for you" I went inside this cafe several times also but saw no one I recognized. 

Douglas Robie <douglas_robie@yahoo.com> wrote: 

correction to the previous email The first sentence was altered, it should not read "It is a real possibilty", but rather what is written below, I am not sure the orginal email was sent because the computer was timing out becuase of the large size so I am starting a new thread repeating the last email of the previous thread.
 
There is a possiblity I am wrong about the woman at Aeon with the tatoo necklace, I am pretty certain is the same woman in the government computers I saw at the embassy and also the same woman in the picture my grandmother gave me she claimed to have gotten in an letter from takako several years ago, but looking at the photo in the computer and the photo itself when i was at the japanese embassy I think it was the same person but the tatoo was not visble in the photo and in both case the person looked younger then I remember my ex wife being and i cannot even be sure this was the same woman i saw in person, so it is possible I am screwed up myself up by looking at this photo so many times over the years that I overwrote my memory of what the real takako looks like. This would also fit togehter with a national or international level conspriracy of somekind. The fact is I do not know what the hell is going on so anyone making decisions based on my babble would be a fool, I am again worried about the henry paulson mindgame lines in the press and the secratary of treasury and american competitveness clues all make me worry the us, israel, and the US all are consprirng against takakos father or using him or the temple as cover also. I really hope if I go back to Japan again the authorites there will see the wisdom in telling me the truth because I sense my insanity in terms of my not knowing what is going on there is causing me to say all kinds of stupid things, as ideas bounce around inside my head like ping pong balls. If they would just level with me I am certain my anxiety would diminsh and I could easily adapt to doing whatever would be best for takako and her family presuming they are there somewhere. The deceptions are what is making me paranoid and causing me to write all these emails because not being certain of anything I am constantly paranoid of saying the wrong thing so am constantly revisng my thoughts and beliefs. The woman who scared me most of all of them was the the taka lookalike woman I met in the cafe. she did not have a tatoo. I have no clue who she is but she had a razor sharp wit and an acid tongue. I am still traumatized by talking to this woman, whoever she was and I am starting to think it is  possible none of the women I saw in Japan when I was there is october was the same woman I was married to.


Douglas J Robie




Douglas J Robie




Douglas J Robie
From:	CinCin1111@aol.com
Sent:	Tuesday, July 11, 2006 12:43 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Re: Harassment

Thank you very much for your help!
From:	Douglas Robie <douglas_robie@yahoo.com>
Sent:	Tuesday, July 11, 2006 12:14 AM
To:	Douglas Robie; doug.robie@gmail.com; srobie@aol.com; veek2o@gmail.com; jluce@qwest.net; sprobie@hotmail.com; comfcom@warwick.net; slprobie@aol.com; gkesich@pressherald.com; feedback@redcross.ca; office@net.va; Governor Jeb Bush; alice@caltech.edu; blackbirdfumino@yahoo.co.jp; letters@washpost.com; letterstotheeditor@bostonherald.com; bakkos@hotmail.com; niklaus.mauerhofer@zkb.ch; mrobie@tdstelme.net; dsutton@somtel.com; kokejlova.radka@volksbank.cz; markus.walder@credit-suisse.com; acsbkk@state.gov; acschn@state.gov; webmaster@usdoj.gov; i-house@hicat.ne.jp; keith.hennessey@fmr.com; michael.vardaro@fmr.com; devang.shah@fmr.com; david.winkler@fmr.com; kenneth.bondurant@fmr.com; chris@lehman.com; kandree@lehman.com; president@whitehouse.gov; vice.president@whitehouse.gov; comments@whitehouse.gov
Subject:	Re: questioning my beliefs perceptions and sanity

when I say cafe in the previous email this is not to be confused with the other cafe mark swanson was referring to, the cafe I was talking about in the previous email is the mister donut cafe at the train station in takas hometown where the "taka" i was talking to on the phone for god knows how many years thinking it really was taka, told me to meet her at when i first got there, this was a a different cafe from the cafe this person "mark swanson" (who could pass for my twin brother ) who teaches english at junior high school  in kurume who was waiting for me outside the an internet shop on one occaison and who must have be told by soemone to come meet me there and talk to me, was pointing at when he said "i'll be right over there waiting for you" I went inside this cafe several times also but saw no one I recognized. 

Douglas Robie <douglas_robie@yahoo.com> wrote: 

correction to the previous email The first sentence was altered, it should not read "It is a real possibilty", but rather what is written below, I am not sure the orginal email was sent because the computer was timing out becuase of the large size so I am starting a new thread repeating the last email of the previous thread.
 
There is a possiblity I am wrong about the woman at Aeon with the tatoo necklace, I am pretty certain is the same woman in the government computers I saw at the embassy and also the same woman in the picture my grandmother gave me she claimed to have gotten in an letter from takako several years ago, but looking at the photo in the computer and the photo itself when i was at the japanese embassy I think it was the same person but the tatoo was not visble in the photo and in both case the person looked younger then I remember my ex wife being and i cannot even be sure this was the same woman i saw in person, so it is possible I am screwed up myself up by looking at this photo so many times over the years that I overwrote my memory of what the real takako looks like. This would also fit togehter with a national or international level conspriracy of somekind. The fact is I do not know what the hell is going on so anyone making decisions based on my babble would be a fool, I am again worried about the henry paulson mindgame lines in the press and the secratary of treasury and american competitveness clues all make me worry the us, israel, and the US all are consprirng against takakos father or using him or the temple as cover also. I really hope if I go back to Japan again the authorites there will see the wisdom in telling me the truth because I sense my insanity in terms of my not knowing what is going on there is causing me to say all kinds of stupid things, as ideas bounce around inside my head like ping pong balls. If they would just level with me I am certain my anxiety would diminsh and I could easily adapt to doing whatever would be best for takako and her family presuming they are there somewhere. The deceptions are what is making me paranoid and causing me to write all these emails because not being certain of anything I am constantly paranoid of saying the wrong thing so am constantly revisng my thoughts and beliefs. The woman who scared me most of all of them was the the taka lookalike woman I met in the cafe. she did not have a tatoo. I have no clue who she is but she had a razor sharp wit and an acid tongue. I am still traumatized by talking to this woman, whoever she was and I am starting to think it is  possible none of the women I saw in Japan when I was there is october was the same woman I was married to.


Douglas J Robie




Douglas J Robie
From:	Douglas Robie <douglas_robie@yahoo.com>
Sent:	Monday, July 10, 2006 11:50 PM
To:	Douglas Robie; doug.robie@gmail.com; srobie@aol.com; veek2o@gmail.com; jluce@qwest.net; sprobie@hotmail.com; comfcom@warwick.net; slprobie@aol.com; gkesich@pressherald.com; feedback@redcross.ca; office@net.va; Governor Jeb Bush; alice@caltech.edu; blackbirdfumino@yahoo.co.jp; letters@washpost.com; letterstotheeditor@bostonherald.com; bakkos@hotmail.com; niklaus.mauerhofer@zkb.ch; mrobie@tdstelme.net; dsutton@somtel.com; kokejlova.radka@volksbank.cz; markus.walder@credit-suisse.com; acsbkk@state.gov; acschn@state.gov; webmaster@usdoj.gov; i-house@hicat.ne.jp; keith.hennessey@fmr.com; michael.vardaro@fmr.com; devang.shah@fmr.com; david.winkler@fmr.com; kenneth.bondurant@fmr.com; chris@lehman.com; kandree@lehman.com; president@whitehouse.gov; vice.president@whitehouse.gov; comments@whitehouse.gov
Subject:	questioning my beliefs perceptions and sanity

correction to the previous email The first sentence was altered, it should not read "It is a real possibilty", but rather what is written below, I am not sure the orginal email was sent because the computer was timing out becuase of the large size so I am starting a new thread repeating the last email of the previous thread.
 
There is a possiblity I am wrong about the woman at Aeon with the tatoo necklace, I am pretty certain is the same woman in the government computers I saw at the embassy and also the same woman in the picture my grandmother gave me she claimed to have gotten in an letter from takako several years ago, but looking at the photo in the computer and the photo itself when i was at the japanese embassy I think it was the same person but the tatoo was not visble in the photo and in both case the person looked younger then I remember my ex wife being and i cannot even be sure this was the same woman i saw in person, so it is possible I am screwed up myself up by looking at this photo so many times over the years that I overwrote my memory of what the real takako looks like. This would also fit togehter with a national or international level conspriracy of somekind. The fact is I do not know what the hell is going on so anyone making decisions based on my babble would be a fool, I am again worried about the henry paulson mindgame lines in the press and the secratary of treasury and american competitveness clues all make me worry the us, israel, and the US all are consprirng against takakos father or using him or the temple as cover also. I really hope if I go back to Japan again the authorites there will see the wisdom in telling me the truth because I sense my insanity in terms of my not knowing what is going on there is causing me to say all kinds of stupid things, as ideas bounce around inside my head like ping pong balls. If they would just level with me I am certain my anxiety would diminsh and I could easily adapt to doing whatever would be best for takako and her family presuming they are there somewhere. The deceptions are what is making me paranoid and causing me to write all these emails because not being certain of anything I am constantly paranoid of saying the wrong thing so am constantly revisng my thoughts and beliefs. The woman who scared me most of all of them was the the taka lookalike woman I met in the cafe. she did not have a tatoo. I have no clue who she is but she had a razor sharp wit and an acid tongue. I am still traumatized by talking to this woman, whoever she was and I am starting to think it is  possible none of the women I saw in Japan when I was there is october was the same woman I was married to.


Douglas J Robie
From:	Bette Bauer <bettebauer@comcast.net>
Sent:	Tuesday, July 11, 2006 12:31 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	florida marlins

Thank you replying to my email. 
 
However, the Marlins issue is still here. All we ask is your influence to see what might be worked out for the Marlins to stay in Florida.
 
sincerely,
From:	adrian geiman <adriangeiman1@hotmail.com>
Sent:	Monday, July 10, 2006 11:23 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush

Mr governor, Jeb Bush

As you know  the real estate market is in stand by, if you allowed to us  keep our taxes  the  real estate market will grow. If I need to move i may pay $ 12.000 per year , and this is crazy because my income.

I have a study how the actual market can affect this to the unemployment of the thousands of workers of the construction, realtors, lenders of services , etc,. But I do not want to extend, I just believe that, if this season of hurricanes will be friendly with us, and you allow us to conserve our present taxes, the market will be slowly grow.

Thank you.

PD. Sorry about my lenguge.




  ADRIAN  GEIMAN
    2455 Hollywood Blvd. # 205
        Hollywood Fl, 33020
         Tel. 954-965-2426
         Fax. 954-963-1721
         Cel. 786-356-4747

  _____  

It’s the future of Hotmail: Try Windows Live Mail beta 
From:	Farrior, C. Ed GOSS <C.Ed.Farrior@gossinternational.com>
Sent:	Monday, July 10, 2006 11:15 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Pardon me PLEASE!!

Dear Governor Bush please read the following and at least consider it and let me know what You think about it. Many thanks Sir. Claude E. Farrior, eddie542@msn.com, eddie542@hotmail.com, jo542@msn.co (Wife's e-mail address), 603/978-4843 work cell phone. Thank You very much. Claude E. Farrior
 
                                 

                                       PARDON ME, PLEASE!!!!

 

Dear Governor Bush, President Bush or anybody that can understand, care or especially, possibly HELP!!!!: I am writing this letter in an attempt to save my life, it is true that I am not on death row even though it feels like it, because the State of Florida has sentenced me, and wrongly so in many people's opinion, a life of nothing by the possibility of causing me to lose my job due to refusing to work with me on my license matter, it is true, and I appreciate it, that the Assistant State Attorney in my County(Walton county-Florida) offered to release me from the probation and jail time and etc. if I agreed to leave the state of Florida and get a license in another state(sounds sort of like an old western doesn’t it!) , which I believe that the assistant state attorney knew would not be possible due to Florida's details on the national drivers register and refusing to give a release to the register so that I could get a license in another state and the assistant state attorney also answered a letter from my Wife with a threat to re-instate the already removed probation and jail time if I ever came back to Florida, my home!! There is no way that I can move my Family or ask them to relocate as long as I do not even know how long I will be able to keep my job unless I can secure a driver license, which I have discovered that several states will issue said license if Florida will give a letter of release on the register. So now I have to support two households (I can barely afford to support one) in an attempt to find a state that will issue me a license to drive which is what I have to get in order to retain my job. It is true, I was charged with drinking and driving, which I would venture to say that the majority of the population of this country has done from time to time, ESPECIALLY some politicians that You all know and I will not mention any names, but didn't get caught or punished to any degree. But I did not and never have had any alcohol related accident (unlike some politicians that we all know), hurt anyone else(unlike some politicians that we all know), NOR myself, speed or anything except weave when my motorcycles foot peg came loose and flopped down where I could not get my foot on it, I thought that it had broke off and was lost as it was late at night and I just wanted to get home (I also have a sworn statement from my Son-in-law, who went and drove it home for me the next day and He had problems driving it too, as anyone would have). I am asking for a pardon so as to be able to get a license in another state and call it home, since the State of Florida(and I am a native Floridian) doesn't seem to want such a dangerous criminal, You know what I mean here, I have had a few dui's so Florida doesn't want my tax dollars anymore and etc., I am not and never have been a criminal, I have worked hard all of my adult life so far and paid a lot of taxes and obeyed the law, in other words a good citizen and now over something that is politically motivated by a special interest group and the state deciding to change some laws(some years back and without the popular vote by We the People) I am a criminal!! Since it is obviously so easy for this state to make new or change old laws, why can’t they make a new law to allow such apparently unwanted and dangerous criminals like me to get a license in another state as long as I don’t drive in this state anymore, quite unjust and against my rights but at least a chance to save my job and have a life and at least some freedoms that all American citizens should be able to do!! I have made calls in many other states as I travel for work that do not consider DUI’s as felonies, unless there is personal injury to another party which is understandable, some states treat all DUI’s as misdemeanors, and there is one that I checked with that stated that drinking and driving is not a crime!! PLEASE give me a release and let me try to save what life I have left ( I am already 56 years old, not much of a threat in anyway to anybody) in a different state, hopefully a state that still respects our Constitution and our rights as American citizens, instead of making us all criminals, except the chosen few with powerful names or positions!

     In closing, please grant me a pardon, reprieve, expungement, stay of execution, political immunity or something so that I will at least have a fighting chance as I have done all that the state ordered me to do and have taken my punishment even as hard as it was to find time and money and someone to drive me around to get them done. Also, please understand that I am sure that there are thousands of illegal immigrants and actual criminals out there with a driver license and a life!!

Very Sincerely Yours

Claude E. Farrior

Eddie542@msn.com

Eddie542@hotmail.com

603/978-4843

850/892-5291—Wife’s home phone number (hopefully nobody will run Her out of town!)

Wife’s mailing address—57 Blue Gill Loop

                                         DeFuniak Springs

                                         Florida   32433

 

 

 

 

From:	vendo5@yahoo.com on behalf of John Nooney <vendo5@yahoo.com>
Sent:	Monday, July 10, 2006 10:46 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	[*] Jacksonville Beach Pier (Grand

 	 	 	 
	
		

 	 	 	 
018_18 
 	
	

	
  Check out my photos


  _____  

vendo5 has invited you to view a photo album on Yahoo! Photos

Mayor Peyton and John Nooney on the Jacksonville Beach Pier. Mayor Peyton, Please save the OFWB and provide the citizens of Florida an opportunity for us all to celebrate our St. Johns River an American Heritage River. 
  Thank you Mayor Peyton. 
            Sincerely, 
            John Nooney   

             


	 		 
	
		View 018_18	 		
 	 	 	 
	

		
	 		 
	
	
 	 	 	 
	
			
		Try Yahoo! Photos for yourself Got digital pictures of your own? Upload them to Yahoo! Photos - then share them with friends and even get 35mm-quality prints. Find out more.	 	 	 	Get 10 FREE Prints
Order Prints of vendo5's photos for yourself - your first 10 are FREE! Just click "Order Prints" while viewing photos to get started.
		
			
 	 	 	 
	
If you can't see the button above, copy and paste this web address into your browser's web address bar: http://pg.photos.yahoo.com/ph/vendo5/detail?.dir=/18d3re2&.dnm=5ba2re2.jpg&.src=ph&.tok=phhfbKFBb._Bqd7u	 
  _____  

Copyright © 2006 Yahoo! Inc. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy - Terms of Service 
From:	Steve Milum <stmilum@yahoo.com>
Sent:	Monday, July 10, 2006 10:42 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	[*] subsidizing the wealthy

Governor Bush,
 
I have lived in Florida for 16 years, 14 years of that has been along the beach of Choctawhatchee Bay near Destin, Florida.  
 
I find the subsidization of expensive housing along the water by residents living inland unconscionable.  Rather, the beach dwellers should be placed in their own insurance pool, including builders, and then live with the insurance rates their lifestyle generates.  
 
Steve Milum, MD
4505 Parkwood Square
Niceville, Florida 32578 
 
 
 
JULY 2006 ISSUE 
An Unwise Growth Subsidy?
Insurance
By Mike Vogel

Citizens insures $5 billion worth of construction projects in places many believe are unwise to build. Should Florida homeowners be on the hook for a $74-million condo project?

 

Most attention to Citizens Property Insurance focuses on the insurance coverage it provides to home and condo owners who can’t get insurance in the private market.
Citizens also provides other types of insurance, however — including a type of insurance to developers that critics say stimulates building in high-risk areas and will leave residential policyholders all over the state on the hook for the bill if a storm strikes the projects.

That “builders risk” insurance provides coverage to developers while their buildings are under construction. And the exposure Citizens has under those builders risk policies is growing rapidly — up by some $800 million this year alone. At the end of May, Citizens was covering 5,723 construction projects — condos, single-family homes, commercial buildings — with a total exposure of $5.1 billion.Without Citizens’ writing builders risk coverage, the state could see some of that $5.1 billion in development, and its jobs and economic opportunity, curtailed.

But critics say that by writing coverage in areas that private insurers find too risky, Citizens encourages development where it shouldn’t occur. And it all but guarantees that when the projects are done, the owners will wind up having to get their homeowners insurance from Citizens. That thwarts, rather than advances, the state’s goal of shrinking what has become Florida’s largest insurer.

In addition, because Citizens can assess non-Citizens policyholders everywhere in Florida to cover its losses, inland homeowners could pay more than what they already do to cover losses of coastal developers building projects the private market won’t cover.As with Citizens windstorm homeowners policies, the builders risk coverage involves properties in high-risk coastal areas. One builders risk policy covers a $74-million condo under construction on the beach. (Citizens is prohibited by law from identifying its customers.) Earlier this year, 1,000 of Citizens’ policies were for more than $1 million each, and the 10 biggest projects Citizens insures total $447 million in exposure.Geographically, Citizens’ heaviest risk is in southeast Florida, where it has $2.1 billion in vulnerabilities, and northwest Florida, where it has $1.3 billion in exposure. Typically required by lenders, builders risk has a sliding scale of vulnerability for an insurer — almost nothing when a project is just coming out of the ground but a large risk in the final days of construction.Like traditional homeowners insurance [“Breaking Point,” June, FloridaTrend.com], builders risk has gotten expensive and scarce after eight Florida hurricanes in two years. “It’s not so much that they won’t write, but the pricing is … there’s sticker shock,” says Matt Wester, agent relations administrator for the Florida Surplus Lines Service Office, a state-mandated non-profit association of agents who sell the specialty insurance products that fall under the surplus lines designation. High-priced projects, for which insurers turn to the reinsurance markets for support, are particularly tough to insure, he says.Pat Chouinard, a vice president and insurance broker with Amwins Brokerage of Florida in Tampa, says private carrrier coverage that cost 30 to 40 cents per $100 of value a year ago now costs as much as $1.50 per $100. A few carriers have stopped writing new builders risk coverage that includes windstorm insurance in Southeastern coastal states. Noting the condo buildings proposed for Tampa, Chouinard says, “You just wonder, who’s going to write the coverage on those?”

Builders risk coverage that used to cost 30 to 40 cents per $100 of value a year ago, now costs up to $1.50 per $100, says insurance broker Pat Chouinard.

Unlike Citizens, with its $74-million exposure on a single property, private sector insurers usually layer coverage on large projects, with different carriers taking different pieces of the risk — one taking, say, the first $5 million in losses, another the next $5 million.The Florida Insurance Council, an insurance industry group, has urged the state to get Citizens out of the builders risk business in high-hazard areas. “If Citizens is the only source for this coverage, it will be the only insurer available for the homes or businesses when they are completed,” according to a Florida Insurance Council report in February. “These are structures that are essentially uninsurable and should not be built.”The state’s insurance consumer advocate, Steve Burgess, says Citizens might want to consider the advisability of continuing builders risk insurance. “I would like to see the policymakers take a look at it and let every stakeholder bring forward their arguments. When you talk about $5 billion of exposure, I think it’s worth a look.”There is precedent for Citizens to leave a market in which the surplus lines industry offers coverage. The Legislature this year required Citizens, beginning in 2008, to stop insuring homes that are valued at more than $1 million. The state was trying to lower Citizens’ exposure to expensive properties [“Too Many Mansions?” February 2005, FloridaTrend.com].Citizens’ board supported eliminating coverage for the $1 million-and-up market and in a meeting in late June was scheduled to consider getting out of the builders risk business in high-risk areas. Citizens spokesman Justin Glover acknowledges that “eliminating coverage would be a way to reduce exposure.” 

  _____  

Do you Yahoo!?
Get on board. You're invited to try the new Yahoo! Mail Beta.
From:	vendo5@yahoo.com on behalf of John Nooney <vendo5@yahoo.com>
Sent:	Monday, July 10, 2006 10:24 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Old Fuler Warren Bridge

 	 	 	 
	
		

 	 	 	 
026_26 
 	
	

	
  Check out my photos


  _____  

vendo5 has invited you to view a photo album on Yahoo! Photos

The Public Trust Doctrine, The old Fuller Warren Bridge has high Public Value. Governor Bush, Please intervene on behalf of the citizens of Florida. Immediately. Arial photo of the OFWB next to Baptist Hospital 
R. David Paulison, Where are you? 
           Sincerely, 
           John Nooney 


	 		 
	
		View 026_26	 		
 	 	 	 
	

		
	 		 
	
	
 	 	 	 
	
			
		Try Yahoo! Photos for yourself Got digital pictures of your own? Upload them to Yahoo! Photos - then share them with friends and even get 35mm-quality prints. Find out more.	 	 	 	Get 10 FREE Prints
Order Prints of vendo5's photos for yourself - your first 10 are FREE! Just click "Order Prints" while viewing photos to get started.
		
			
 	 	 	 
	
If you can't see the button above, copy and paste this web address into your browser's web address bar: http://pg.photos.yahoo.com/ph/vendo5/detail?.dir=/828fre2&.dnm=1888re2.jpg&.src=ph&.tok=ph6KbKFBe3Ef_Ygw	 
  _____  

Copyright © 2006 Yahoo! Inc. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy - Terms of Service 
From:	Robin & Marta Humphrey <robmarta@tampabay.rr.com>
Sent:	Monday, July 10, 2006 10:10 PM
To:	George W. Bush
Subject:	 Too sad to be funny

 
Subject: Fw: Help Upgrade My Status

July 3, 2006
The Honorable Paul S. Sarbanes
309 Hart Senate Office Building
Washington DC, 20510

Dear Senator Sarbanes,

As a native Marylander and excellent customer of the Internal Revenue
Service, I am writing to ask for your assistance.  I have contacted the
Immigration and Naturalization Service in an effort to determine the
process for becoming an illegal alien and they referred me to you.
My reasons for wishing to change my status from U.S. Citizen to illegal
alien stem from the bill which was recently passed by the Senate and for
which you voted.  If my understanding of this bill's provisions is
accurate, as an illegal alien who has been in the United States for five
years, what I need to do to become a citizen is to pay a $2,000 fine and
income taxes for three of the last five years.  I know a good deal when I
see one and I am anxious to get the process started before everyone
figures it out.  Simply put, those of us who have been here legally have
had to pay taxes every year so I'm excited about the prospect of avoiding
two years of taxes in return for paying a $2,000 fine.  Is there any way
that I can apply to be illegal retroactively?  This would yield an
excellent result for me and my family because we paid heavy taxes in 2004
and 2005.

Another benefit in gaining illegal status would be that my daughter would
receive preferential treatment relative to her law school applications.
If you would provide me with an outline of the process to become illegal
(retroactively if possible) and copies of the necessary forms, I would be
most appreciative.

Thank you for your assistance.
Your Loyal Constituent,
Samuel F. Chatman

From:	michaelsFL5@aol.com
Sent:	Monday, July 10, 2006 9:58 PM
To:	joe.cassar@atl.frb.org; Carlton, Lisa; carl.callahan@cityofbradenton.com; cff@mail.democracyinaction.org; abc.news.magazines@abc.com; action@consumer.org; activist.thepen@gmail.com; activist@democrats.com
Cc:	abramsreport@msnbc.com; admin@consumerwatchdog.org; adoglover55@hotmail.com; charles.miville@verizon.net; carol003@tampabay.rr.com; pegleg1013@yahoo.com; andrea.moreland@fldfs.com; attorney@klinelaw.org; peoplepower@aflcio.org; pkngngopnimegnxe@AirAmericaRadio-lists.com; john@oneamericacommittee.com; john.pullen@fldfs.com; Bennett, Michael (LEG); norville@msnbc.com; barbaracjohnson@worldnet.att.net; djberger@swbell.net; Prudhomme123@aol.com; christinapaciorek@yahoo.com; eroome87@verizon.net; Joanna727@msn.com; SRQT@aol.com; campaign@electharris.org; customercare@ecare.suntrust.com; cleanupwashington@citizen.org; complaints@complaints.com; comments@whitehouse.gov; dateline@nbc.com; dccc@dccc.org; Clarke, Donna; ecampaign@gop.com; EJDorin@verizon.net; elizabeth@oneamericacommittee.com; Governor Jeb Bush; generalcomments@feedback.msnbc.com; grassrootshelp@moveon.org; hardball@msnbc.com; headliners@msnbc.com; hrdleadership@opm.gov; hsbwsbabybtekeee@americanfamilynews.info; IGHotline@fdic.gov; Imus@msnbc.com; info-15691@consumerinformationsource.com; IGROGAN@COMCAST.NET; info@journalism.co.uk; info@moveon.org; infooac@oneamericacommittee.com; info@dscc.org; info@neworganizing.com; info@pcactionfund.org; info@richmond.bbb.org; insurance-research@fdic.gov; help@sec.gov; K.Fodor@comcast.net; k.pres@verizon.net; kenmehlman@gop.com; kzeese@democracyrising.us; unitedforjustice@unitedforjustice.com; now@now.org; nancy2451@peoplepc.com; newsletter@cu.consumer.org; nightly@nbc.com; NBCiQuestions@nbc.com; newsletters@motherjones.com; mike@michaelmoore.com
Subject:	Answers???

July 10, 2006
TO:  Jennifer Littleton & Joseph Cassar
Federal Reserve Bank of Atlanta
FROM:  Susan Massaconi & David Michaels
RE:  Letters: June 28 & July 1.
 
We are still awaiting answers from you in reference to our questions (July 1 letter to you).  Judging from your correspondence of June 28, it appears that the FRB has allowed and is allowing Corporate Power to steal our freedoms and our hard earned money. Your letter states that because Suntrust corrected their misapplications of our money, that all is well and no laws have been broken.  And we asked, "what if the misapplications were never noticed?"  If the errors are not found, does it also apply that no laws have been broken?  We wonder why the Federal Government would allow the banking system to continually make errors and misapplications of customer funds and not be reprimanded?  After reading your letter we are appalled at your conclusion because when Americans find out that the Government is allowing the banking system to get away with this, there is going to be big big issues with Suntrust and many other banks.  How well could you have investigated when you wrote in black and white that there was no record of a payoff for the Nissan Truck when you had the letter in your hand from Suntrust that stated that it was paid off.  We faxed you the letter twice.  We want answers to our questions immediately.  Please write us so that everyone can see your answers to these very important questions.  Once again what you are stating is that it is perfectly fine for Suntrust and the banking system to continuously make misapplications of funds even when the errors are not found.  Do you really think that the American people are going to put up with this?  We always thought that the GOVERNMENT was supposed to work for the people.  So what you are stating is that the GOVERNMENT DOES NOT work for the people but it does work for big corporate America. Is that right?  We have been told by every Suntrust branch in Sarasota that the Richmond, Virginia sight is the culprit for these misapplications.  Yet you demand that we send our payment there.  Are you purposefully holding hands with the devil here???  What exactly are you trying to do to us?  It would be in your best interest to answer our questions.  Thank you for your time.  
 
 
From:	USMC 3rd Recon <usmclaw@bellsouth.net>
Sent:	Monday, July 10, 2006 9:11 PM
To:	recording@miamidade.gov
Cc:	Governor Jeb Bush; tony.arrazola@bellsouth.com
Subject:	[*] citation 78463600   and 78682930
Attachments:	spacer1.jpg; deptname.jpg; header03.jpg; navbar.jpg; logo.jpg; fadenav_app.jpg; pay.gif

Importance:	High

Pls assist, as you can see I have been issued this citation for parking in a handicap parking for a Mazda, I have never owned a Mazda and this tag  UGA1R has always belonged to my Toyota 4Runner (BLACK not WHITE as per the ticket) in the state of Florida, the tag has never been issued to any other vehicle but that of my Toyota 4Runner, so how is it that since the alleged citation issued date of 03/03/2003 I have every year been able to renew my tag and this year all of a sudden I cant? Also dont you check to verify the tag as to what vehicle it belongs to at the time that the citation is being issued and if the tag and vehicle dont match then either tow the vehicle or call it in? I also got another citation for not paying said ticket (78682930).
 
Sincerely:
Tito Arrazola
Home: 305-805-9055
Cell: 305-970-5597
Home eml: usmclaw@bellsouth.net
Work eml: tony.arrazola@bellsouth.com
 
 
 
 
COPY:
   	   
  
	 	
Parking Violations 


Citation: 	78463600 	Pay Help	
Tag: UGA1R	 State: FL 	 	
Issue Date/Time: 	03/03/2003 15:43	
Amount Due Now: 	$214.20	
Due Date: 	04/02/2003	
Amount Due After Due Date: 	$214.20	
Status: 	REFERRED TO COLLECTION AGENCY	
Location: 	000 SOUTH POINTE LOT	
Municipality: 	MIAMI BEACH (PARKING ENFORCEMENT )	
Violation: 	PARKING IN HANDICAP SPACE	
Vehicle Details	
Make: MAZDA	
Style: 4 DOOR AUTOMOBILE	
Color: WHITE 	
<New Search>	

Home | Online Services | Meet the Clerk | Contact-Us | Miami-Dade County | Privacy Policy | Disclaimer
Email | FAQ | Pay Citation Home 

 
 
 
 
 
 
From:	scott kidd <frklkidd@yahoo.com>
Sent:	Monday, July 10, 2006 8:13 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	the president...your brother

i dont know if you saw this yet...
thanks for all you have done for me
your friend scott
 
 
Story by: Bruce Vincent 

For those of us who sometimes find ourselves having doubts about our President, here is an excellent piece--- worth every minute it takes to read it. This is from a man, Bruce Vincent, from Montana who received an award from the President. He writes: 

I've written the following narrative to chronicle the day of the award ceremony in DC. I'm still working on a press release but the White House press corps has yet to provide a photo to go with it. When the photo comes I'll ship it out. When you get done reading this you'll understand the dilemma I face in telling this story beyond my circle of close friends. 

Stepping into the Oval Office, each of us was introduced to the President and Mrs. Bush. We shook hands and participated in small talk. When the President was told that we were from Libby, Montana, I reminded him that Marc Racicot is our native son and the President offered his warm thoughts about Governor Racicot. I have to tell you, I was blown away by two things upon entering the office. 

First, the Oval Office sense of 'place' is unreal. The President later shared a story of Russian President Putin entering the room prepared to tackle the President in a tough negotiation and upon entering the atheist muttered his first words to the President and they were "Oh, my God." 
I concurred. I could feel the history in my bones. Second, the man that inhabits the office engaged me with a firm handshake and a look that can only be described as penetrating. Warm, alive, fully engaged, disarmingly penetrating. I was admittedly concerned about meeting the man. I think all of us have an inner hope that the most powerful man in our country is worthy of the responsibility and authority that we bestow upon them through our vote. 

I admit that part of me was afraid that I would be let down by the moment - that the person and the place could not meet the lofty expectations of my fantasy world. This says nothing about my esteem for President Bush but just my practical realization that reality may not match my 'dream.' 

Once inside the office, President Bush got right down to business and, standing in front of his desk, handed out the awards one at a time while posing for photos with the winners and Mrs. Bush. With the mission accomplished, the President and Mrs. Bush relaxed and initiated a lengthy, informal conversation about a number of things with our entire small group. He and the First Lady talked about such things as the rug in the office. It is traditionally designed by the First Lady to make a statement about the President, and Mrs. Bush chose a brilliant yellow sunburst pattern to reflect 'hope.' President Bush talked about the absolute need to believe that with hard work and faith in God there is every reason to start each day in the Oval Office with hope. He and the First Lady were asked about the impact of the Presidency on their marriage and, with an arm casually wrapped around Laura, he said that he thought the place may be hard on weak marriages but that it had the ability to make strong marriages even stronger and that he was blessed with a strong one. 

After about 30 or 35 minutes, it was time to go. By then we were all relaxed and I felt as if I had just had an excellent visit with a friend. The President and First Lady made one more pass down the line of awardees, shaking hands and offering congratulations. When the President shook my hand I said, "thank you Mr. President and God bless you and your family." He was already in motion to the next person in line, but he stopped abruptly turned fully back to me, gave me a piercing look, renewed the vigor of his handshake and said, "Thank you and God bless you and yours as well." 

On our way out of the office we were to leave by the glass doors on the west side of the office. I was the last person in the exit line. As I shook his hand one final time, President Bush said, "I'll be sure to tell Marc hello and give him your regards." 

I then did something that surprised even me. I said to him, "Mr. President, I know you are a busy man and your time is precious. I also know you to be a man of strong faith and have a favor to ask you." 

As he shook my hand he looked me in the eye and said, "Just name it." I told him that my step-Mom was at that moment in a hospital in Kalispell, Montana, having a tumor removed from her skull and it would mean a great deal to me if he would consider adding her to his prayers that day. He grabbed me by the arm and took me back toward his desk as he said, "So that's it. I could tell that something is weighing heavy on your heart today. I could see it in your eyes. This explains it." 

From the top drawer of his desk he retrieved a pen and a note card with his seal on it and asked, "How do you spell her name?" He then jotted a note to her while discussing the importance of family and the strength of prayer. When he handed me the card, he asked about the surgery and the prognosis. I told him we were hoping that it is not a recurrence of an earlier cancer and that if it is they can get it all with this surgery. 

He said, "If it's okay with you, we'll take care of the prayer right now. Would you pray with me?" I told him yes and he turned to the staff that remained in the office and hand motioned the folks to step back or leave. He said, "Bruce and I would like some private time for a prayer." 

As they left he turned back to me and took my hands in his. I was prepared to do a traditional prayer stance - standing with each other with heads bowed. Instead, he reached for my head with his right hand and pulling gently forward, he placed my head on his shoulder. With his left arm on my mid back, he pulled me to him in a prayerful embrace. 

He started to pray softly. I started to cry. He continued his prayer for Loretta and for God's perfect will to be done. I cried some more. My body shook a bit as I cried and he just held tighter. He closed by asking God's blessing on Loretta and the family during the coming months. I stepped away from our embrace, wiped my eyes, swiped at the tears I'd left on his shoulder, and looked into the eyes of our president. I thanked him as best I could and told him that me and my family would continue praying for he and his. 

As I write this account down and reflect upon what it means, I have to tell you that all I really know is that his simple act left me humbled and believing. I so hoped that the man I thought him to be was the man that he is. I know that our nation needs a man such as this in the Oval Office. George W. Bush is the real deal. I've read Internet stories about the President praying with troops in hospitals and other such uplifting accounts. Each time I read them I hope them to be true and not an Internet perpetuated myth. This one, I know to be true. I was there. He is real. He has a pile of incredible stuff on his plate each day - and yet he is tuned in so well to the here and now that he 'sensed' something heavy on my heart. He took time out of his life to 
care, to share, and to seek God's blessing for my family in a simple man-to-man, father-to-father, son-to-son, husband-to-husband, Christian-to-Christian prayerful embrace. He's not what I had hoped he would be. He is, in fact, so very, very much more. 

__________________________________________________
Do You Yahoo!?
Tired of spam? Yahoo! Mail has the best spam protection around 
http://mail.yahoo.com 

  _____  

Talk is cheap. Use Yahoo! Messenger to make PC-to-Phone calls. Great rates starting at 1¢/min.
From:	Rachel <8_taylor1@myway.com>
Sent:	Monday, July 10, 2006 7:42 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	also


I have not harsssed ou or your family have prayed foryou but have been 'made an exple" or ruined internally cerbralwise and otherwsie by ither klansmen that didtn know that it didtn take courage notr leadership skills to either hurt or bother or experment on someone that wasnt their enemy nor thinking on them. But who should withallof hte power at their resources known to knock my enemies out of my way fromtheonse. Tell your borther I am not his enemy..unless I have to be. as I am not the one that opened up his brain , nor watched his daughter be debased or used for sex toy or object nor attempted (steal you away from florida and whatever wife you have for myself..as I prefer uncles that have cash and can afford cosmetic surgery and medical genious) Nonethelss. The scripturesays i hae swhatever I say so if Isaid I have property then II hae wat I say whever I wish it. Help him rememer me as a human not an it so that there wiill be no further expermetation. 

For instace someone like Stephen King getting angry andor offended at myuse of the term brain cancer when he had someone so close to him die of it would understand that Cancer eeats away at things as whatever is in my brain or body or knees that shouldnt be.
And someone like..wll those things are inimportnat just have him bomb cuba andany other peopel that dotn know to stop stealling from me. With much love always


Yours for Him in Christ,
Rachel Angelina V. Taylor
	

  _____  

No banners. No pop-ups. No kidding.
Make My Way your home on the Web - http://www.myway.com 
From:	Chino866@aol.com
Sent:	Monday, July 10, 2006 7:38 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush; Clark.Doris@hsmv.state.fl.us; Teammetro@MIAMIDADE.gov
Subject:	CAR TITLE NOT RECEIVED

DEAR MS. CLARK,
 
                       I RECEIVED YOUR EMAIL AND FOLLOWED YOUR INSTRUCTIONS. BUT I AM DISAPPOINTED TO SAY I HAVE YET TO RECEIVE MY DUPLICATE TITLE. APPROXIMATELY 3 WEEKS HAVE PAST SINCE I SENT A MONEY ORDER (#08531612484 PURCHASED ON 6/16/06)FOR THE TITLE. PLEASE SEND MY TITLE....IT HAS BEEN OVER 3 MONTHS I HAVE BEEN WAITING FOR A SIMPLE DUPLICATE TITLE. WHO WILL GIVE ME THE MONEY I WILL LOSE IF THE BUYER CHANGES HIS MIND! PLEASE ,PLEASE  SEND ME MY TITLE. 
                                                                      THOMAS HERNANDEZ
                       
From:	Rachel <8_taylor1@myway.com>
Sent:	Monday, July 10, 2006 7:25 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	should have

I should hae married you instead...laugh. Thank you for your assistance. Please forgive and or passon the apology for any disrespect sown at anytime irregardless of whether it was deserved. Would tell you that beign a chritian is noever anoptionfor me always what I was in and carried as in your state and what I should be able to be at all times without individuals attempting to irritate me or alter me either geneticallly for a culture that I should not have to appease nor honor nor bother. I na dtion perhpas both margie or john henry median have something over your brothers head. I dont only a desire for him tobe athe man of God he was supposed to be or started out being the same for yourself. Please keep my boiolagical uncle away forme and hug me tight whenyou see me inperson ona yacht without you.



Yours for Him in Christ,
Rachel Angelina V. Taylor
	

  _____  

No banners. No pop-ups. No kidding.
Make My Way your home on the Web - http://www.myway.com 
From:	Claudia Montague <claudem@talweb.com>
Sent:	Monday, July 10, 2006 7:12 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Inconvenient Truth

Dear Mr. Bush,

I would like to know if you have seen or plan to see the documentary "An Inconvenient Truth." I would also like to know where you stand on global warming and how you are addressing this issue as the governor of Florida. 

Sincerely,

Claudia Montague

From:	Joan McChesney <joanmcchesney@bellsouth.net>
Sent:	Monday, July 10, 2006 6:26 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	[*] I BEG YOU....BEFORE YOU LEAVE OFFICE

COULD YOU PLEASE REPLACE MR. CABBAGE WITH SOMEONE WHO SHOWS SOME RESPECT FOR FLORIDA WILDLIFE AND THE ENVIRONMENT. HE REALLY REALLY DOESN'T COME ACROSS AS CARING IN EITHER ONE OF THESE CATEGORIES.
 
From:	PunkiRave@aol.com
Sent:	Monday, July 10, 2006 6:05 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	concerns

  
To Whom it May Concern:
 
I was born in Ohio and I currently reside in Florida.  I am very frustrated in this whole government. Why is there Black History Month, Miss Black America, Black Entertainment Television (BET), National Hispanic Month, etc. How can you expect Americans to not be prejudice against others that reside in our country and call themselves Americans when such prejudice programs exists?  There is a United Negro College Fund for only black Americans but any race, color and creed can applies for other scholarships for colleges? Each state has its own beauty pageants and whoever wins in each state can participate in Miss America, but only black people can be in Miss Black America.  Does that make sense. I live near Ft. Lauderdale Florida and everyone I know won't go to Miami because most people only speak Spanish.  Why is this ok that these people aren't required to learn English in a country that is based on English speaking people.  How can you let these people disrespect the rest of us like this? When I lived in California and when I visit my family there every year, the Mexicans and Asians at least have the courtesy to try to speak English, but the Cubans and other Latin American descents the rules don't apply.  How can we not be prejudice when all these programs are for minorities only? Also, why is it that I, a single mother, cannot have the government assistance but the other people in my complex with similar situations can? The civil rights movement happened over 40 years ago so why do we still need to be divided with all of these special programs for minorities?  
 
Emily Wihlborg
From:	John and Melody Poor <f16poor@hotmail.com>
Sent:	Monday, July 10, 2006 5:53 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Prosecute Cuban Smuglers and Return ILLEGAL Communist Cubans to Communist Cuba immediately!!!

To:  Jeb Bush's Administration:
 
Please read the e-mail below -- this e-mail is intended for Governor Bush and his administration staff as well.  For the sake of America, please take action.
 
Melody
 
----- Original Message ----- 
From: John and Melody Poor 
To: President Bush 
Sent: Monday, July 10, 2006 5:40 PM
Subject: Prosecute Cuban Smuglers and Return ILLEGAL Communist Cubans to Communist Cuba immediately!!!

To the Bush Administration:

 

Many Millions of Communist Cubans have been smuggled into Florida and the smuggling happens daily!

 

You must prosecute Cuban Smugglers and return these Communist Cubans back to Cuba.

 

Spanish speaker Cubans are invading America and changing and lowering the culture of America.

 

Communist Cubans lie, steal, rob and throw trash on the street…  Worse, they refuse to speak English.  I personally have heard Communist Cubans said that they DON'T HAVE TO SPEAK ENGLISH.

 

Why should they speak English?  95% of people living in Southern Florida speak Spanish.  You can vote in Spanish; read Miami-Herald in Spanish; watch TVs in Spanish; put Cuban flag stickers on cars and receive Medicaid and Medicare via Spanish speakers... (my next door neighbor doesn't speak English and her job is to administer Medicare).

 

I say to all Communist Cubans:  go back and learn to speak English as well as good Civic behavior  before coming to America – legally.

 

Melody

An Angry Legal Immigrant who speaks English and waves an American flag

From:	brock <dogtrainr@blueridge.net>
Sent:	Monday, July 10, 2006 5:49 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Re: Martin Lee Anderson

Right.  I 'expressed my concerns' nearly two months ago, as well. 
Apparently, it takes 7 months to conduct an inquiry when the perpetrators 
caught on video are employees of one of the Governor's appointees.  How do I 
get to be an appointee?  I've never committed a crime in my 62 years of 
life...well, I did get a speeding ticket once...but you never can tell.  It 
would be nice to have such immunity, just in case I want to murder a child, 
someday.

Was I wrong in reading that only one sheriff has signed up for this 
much-vaunted STAR program?  Apparently, the PCSO thinks it's too expensive 
for its dubious virtues.  Perhaps it's appropriate that you named a dead-end 
program after a child whose memory is being victimized by a dead-end 
'investigation'.

Alexandra Brock


----- Original Message ----- 
From: "Governor Jeb Bush" <Jeb.Bush@MyFlorida.com>
To: "brock" <dogtrainr@blueridge.net>
Sent: Monday, July 10, 2006 11:32 AM
Subject: RE: Martin Lee Anderson


> Dear Ms. Brock:
>
> Thank you for sharing your concerns about boot camps and the death of 
> Martin Lee Anderson.  Governor Bush the Anderson family's grief at the 
> loss of their son.  This tragic event requires a thorough investigation 
> and action to ensure the safety of youth in state custody.  To ensure this 
> investigation is conducted appropriately, The Governor asked Mark A. Ober, 
> State Attorney for the 13th Judicial Circuit to investigate.  At this time 
> the investigation is still ongoing and although Governor Bush's office 
> repeatedly urged Mr. Ober to complete the investigation as expeditiously 
> as possible, we understand that he must take whatever actions necessary to 
> thoroughly and properly pursue this case.
>
> Working in conjunction with county sheriff’s offices, the Florida 
> Department of Juvenile Justice is carefully examining the structure and 
> operation of juvenile offender programs.  Changes have been made in 
> training standards, operating procedures, and scope of services.
>
> As you know, oOn May 31, 2006 Governor Bush signed into law House Bill 
> 5019 also known as the Martin Lee Anderson Act.  This bill creates Sheriff’s 
> Training and Respect (STAR) academies and implements policies and 
> procedures to ensure the safety of the youth being served.  Additionally, 
> the 2006-07 budget includes increased funding for juvenile justice 
> services which will enhance the department’s medical capabilities. 
> Governor Bush appreciates your concerns and comments for these programs 
> and is working to ensure that they are successful at all levels of 
> administration.
>
> Governor Bush believes we must continue using a variety of tools to build 
> on this record while safeguarding the youth in our custody.  The Governor 
> is confident the STAR academies are a foundation for accomplishing these 
> critical goals.
>
> Thank you again for writing and sharing your concerns in this regard. 
> Governor Bush wants to know how Floridians feel about the many critical 
> issues we face, and promises to keep your ideas in mind as he forms policy 
> for addressing these concerns.
>
> Sincerely,
>
>
>
>
> Warren Davis
> Office of Citizens' Services
>
> -----Original Message-----
> From: brock [mailto:dogtrainr@blueridge.net]
> Sent: Friday, June 30, 2006 9:53 AM
> To: Governor Jeb Bush
> Subject: Martin Lee Anderson
>
>
> In today's SPTimes...
>
> "Juvenile Justice Secretary Anthony Schembri said in a statement. "In 
> spite of today's announcement, we are dedicated to implementing STAR 
> academies as the Legislature's tribute to Martin Lee Anderson."
>
> Don't you think a more fitting 'tribute' would be to bring this child's 
> murderers to justice?  It's been nearly seven months and still, nothing is 
> done.  How long is this 'special' investigation going to take?  And it 
> looks as if your once-beloved appointee is snapping his fingers in your 
> face or, more likely, waving his Attitude Finger.  How lame does a duck 
> have to be before he realizes that he should request medical help?
>
> It looks as if your much-vaunted STAR program isn't even going to get off 
> the ground.  ONE county?  It's almost amusing, or it would be amusing did 
> it not involve the fates of hundreds of children.
>
> Governor, I'm not going to let this go.  I'm going to do my best to keep 
> this issue in front of the public who will decide whether or not the 
> Republicans are uninterested in the average Floridian and should be 
> replaced in office by persons who will be more effectual.  If anything 
> could convince me tha the name 'Bush' stands for nothing of benefit to 
> anyone not named 'Bush', the Martin Lee Anderson case is that thing.
>
> The owner of the original blog, that I cited earlier, has moved on.  I'll 
> send you a link to my own blog when it goes up.
>
> Alexandra Brock 

From:	BEichbaum@aol.com
Sent:	Monday, July 10, 2006 5:14 PM
To:	SAngle@asm.state.nv.us; jillianbeck@yahoo.com; BREMNER@peoplepc.com; JuneBurlingame@aol.com; llmsc@charter.net; Realtyunlim@aol.com; ctrissel@rcfnv.org; gjduarte@gjdesktopsolutions.com; ceichbaum@comcast.net; celges@charter.net; mfrandsen@pyramid.net; hgansert@asm.state.nv.us; info@nevadafamilies.org; helen-g-henry@webTV.net; mooseirene@netzero.net; cbk@ctcweb.net; gdklefman@netzero.net; tigrlamy@directcon.net; charlene-lat@cox.net; dlatour1@optonline.net; Illyaspot@aol.com; pat@financialhealth.com; Julie.Mills@prudential.com; mmills2022@clearwire.net; Suzpatridge@aol.com; PPuchert@aol.com; wb6cxn@juno.com; rita-jonas@sbcglobal.net; Tomfee3@aol.com; NeilUpc@aol.com; karen_w@netzero.net; rziser@earthlink.net; caroline@qrc.net
Cc:	BEichbaum@aol.com; president@whitehouse.gov; Governor Jeb Bush; oreilly@foxnews.com
Subject:	What is the process to become an illegal alien???

THIS IS GOOD.....

 

July 3, 2006 



The Honorable Paul S. Sarbanes
309 Hart Senate Office Building
Washington DC, 20510




Dear Senator Sarbanes,




As a native Marylander and excellent customer of the Internal Revenue Service, I am writing to ask for your assistance. I have contacted the
Immigration and Naturalization Service in an effort to determine the process for becoming an illegal alien and they referred me to you.


My reasons for wishing to change my status from U.S. Citizen to illegal alien stem from the bill which was recently passed by the Senate and for
which you voted. If my understanding of this bill's provisions is accurate, as an illegal alien who has been in the United States for five years, what 
I need to do to become a citizen is to pay a $2,000 fine and income taxes for three of the last five years. I know a good deal when I see one and I 
am anxious to get the process started before everyone figures it out. Simply put, those of us who have been here legally have had to pay taxes every 
year so I'm excited about the prospect of avoiding two years of taxes in return for paying a $2,000 fine. Is there any way that I can apply to be 
illegal retroactively? This would yield an excellent result for me and my family because we paid heavy taxes in 2004 and 2005.


Another benefit in gaining illegal status would be that my daughter would receive preferential treatment relative to her law school applications.
If you would provide me with an outline of the process to become illegal (retroactively if possible) and copies of the necessary forms, I would be
most appreciative. 




Thank you for your assistance.
Your Loyal Constituent,


Samuel F. Chatman
=
From:	PWL1@aol.com
Sent:	Monday, July 10, 2006 4:56 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Re: Daisy Lynum: Center of controversy'

Thank you.  The City of Orlando is OUT OF CONTROL AND HAS BEEN FOR SOME TIME!
From:	Rosalee Campbell <rcampbe@hotmail.com>
Sent:	Monday, July 10, 2006 4:42 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Cc:	rcampbe@hotmail.com
Subject:	Happy Belated Birthday to President Bush from Ally Campbell and Art By Ally

Hello Governor Bush,

How are you?  I am good.

I have just learned that I missed your brother's birthday last
week.

I am sorry.

I would like to wish him a VERY Happy Belated Birthday!

Peace, hope and Love,
Rosalee Ally Campbell
Art By Ally
West Palm Beach, Florida
_________________________________________________________________
Try Live.com - your fast, personalized homepage with all the things you care about in one place.
http://www.live.com/getstarted
From:	Jessica Morales <JMorales@coj.net>
Sent:	Monday, July 10, 2006 4:24 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	RE: College Textbooks Outrageous Prices

Thank you

>>> "Governor Jeb Bush" <Jeb.Bush@MyFlorida.com> 07/10/06 4:20 PM >>>
Thank you for your views.  I will forward your comments to the
attention of the Governor.

-----Original Message-----
From: Jessica Morales [mailto:JMorales@coj.net] 
Sent: Monday, June 26, 2006 2:43 PM
To: Governor Jeb Bush
Subject: College Textbooks Outrageous Prices


 
 
I am concerned as a struggling parent, student and taxpayer that
colleges such as my own college Nova university charge too much for
textbooks and if you were to buy a book and find the book at another
location for a cheaper price that these colleges do not give a full
refund if you already started the class and bought the book late. 
I am also concerned that when you buy a book for the amount of $150.00
and try to resell the book back to your college that they only give you
back like about $32.00 and the book is in excellent condition when you
resell it back just like you bought it. I understand for years that this
is the way colleges make their money but when you already go to an
expensive school like Nova, phoenix, etc. and they are making a killing
off the tuition and to have to pay for a book and not at least get at
least close to what you paid for it is kind of ridiculous. 
I feel there should be a grace period of when you buy a book and at
least get a full refund whether the class starts or not. I also feel
there should be a stipulation when it comes to colleges like Nova, or
fast trac colleges that sell these text books and based off the
condition of the book they should at least buy the book back for close
the amount that a student has purchased it for. Is there any laws
against this or anyway of trying to make a law against colleges that
take advantage of students like me and others that do not have the means
to buy books at these prices every semester. Thank you for your time and
please email me back on what solutions can be made to accomodate
struggling students.

From:	Sid Kleiner <skleiner@comcast.net>
Sent:	Monday, July 10, 2006 4:07 PM
To:	bethtikvah@comcast.net
Cc:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	A letter to Sen. Bill Nelson--a plea for action and a plea for assistance!

  

 Sid Kleiner, President 

Beth Tikvah Jewish Prisoner Outreach
Serving Florida’s Jewish Inmates & Their Loved Ones
10188 Winterview Drive
Naples, FL  34109-1520
Phone:  239-591-2649, FAX: 239-566-7702-E-mail: bethtikvah@comcast.net

Please Visit Our Website: bethtikvahjpo.org


An IRS-Approved, Not-For-Profit Corporation 

 
July 10th, 2006
The Honorable Bill Nelson
United States Senate
716 Hart Senate Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20510-0903
RE: Allegations of corruption and conspiracy at Columbia Correctional Institution
G’ Day Senator Bill Nelson!
Many thanks for your response of July 6th. Your reaction to my shared revelations of chicanery at Columbia was to forward my letter to the Florida Department of Corrections. I want to emphatically state that there are some very fine people presently at the helm of the FDOC. The changes that have already taken place are notable and noteworthy.
My friend, if you’ve been following the news you are readily aware of the fact that the FDOC is riddled with collusion, corruption anti-Semitism and coercion. Cleaning up the existing cesspool is a gargantuan job. Lower-echelon staff members perceive themselves as invincible, untouchable, and impervious to the head-chopping that has been undertaken.  Despite the laudable efforts of good souls like James McDonough, Dr. Laura Bedard, Walt Murphree and others, the barbaric behavior of some very despicable staff members continues to frighten, intimidate, and otherwise plant fear in the hearts and souls of many Florida inmates. 
My point is that the administration in Tallahassee needs help. There is much to investigate and much to remedy. A total cure cannot occur from within. The taxpayers of Florida and the inmates in its corrections system deserve better and fairer treatment. I have asked the FDLE for assistance and they did what you did---referred my inquiry back to the FDOC! My friend, this is not progress. Before more lives are impacted, let us route the renegades and restore fairness and sanity to a system that has been out of control for far too long. Your assistance is requested and urgently needed. Please do not hand this letter back to the FDOC. They already know all about it!
Thanks and Best Wishes,
Sid Kleiner
SKLEINER@COMCAST.NET
 
From:	Carlson,Janet L <jcarlson@ufl.edu>
Sent:	Monday, July 10, 2006 4:03 PM
To:	fdot.pio@dot.state.fl.us
Cc:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	I-95 Welcome Center

To whom it may concern: 

I am a Floridian--born and raised here--and normally proud of it!  However, on  Saturday July 8th, I returned to Florida via I-95, from a brief vacation, and found ALL restrooms in the Welcome Center CLOSED.   Vacationers traveling south were stopping in huge numbers at our Welcome Center.  Many were elderly or had several children with them.  No one knew ALL restrooms were closed until we exited our vehicles and walked up to the facility.  

I overheard numerous people saying "Welcome to Florida--what a joke!"  I was so embarrassed.  This was the end of a major holiday weekend--the fourth of July.  I cannot imagine why the Welcome Center would have to close ALL facilities--there are two separate buildings with restrooms.  I will be glad to go on-line and provide you with a list of plumbers that I am certain could and would have come to your rescue!  This major deficiency in our DOT operation will leave many tourists with a sour impression of our great state.  We can only hope Disney will keep them coming back.

In the future, I hope you will put someone in charge of the Welcome Center that knows how to react to problems.   

At the very least, there should have been signage, on the entry ramp to the Welcome Center, indicating the restrooms were closed due to some unforeseen problem.  This would have saved numerous people, especially the elderly and disabled from struggling to walk up to the building.  Also, it would have eliminated the need for parents to unbuckle children from car seats, and carefully herd them through traffic into the building, only to find there were no facilities in operation!  Please tell me this problem has been resolved!  Thank you.

Janet Carlson 


From:	porter_b@hesenergy.net
Sent:	Monday, July 10, 2006 5:43 PM
To:	President@whitehouse.gov
Cc:	VicePresident@whitehouse.gov; info@friendsofhillary.com; netaudr@abc.com; nightline@abcnews.com; support@abcnews.go.com; NETAUDR@abc.com; uttm@cbs.com; evening@cbsnews.com; weekends@cbsnews.com; today@nbc.com; stone.phillips@nbc.com; geraud.prince@nbc.com; john.seigenthaler@nbc.com; Today@NBC.com; nightly@nbc.com; cnn.feedback@cnn.com; comments@foxnews.com; foxnewsonline@foxnews.com; rep.harold.ford.jr@mail.house.gov; phil.bredesen@state.tn.us; VicePresident@whitehouse.gov; Governor Jeb Bush; info@vfw.org; NatlCmdr@legion.org; pjudd@legion.org; dnc-002Zv02S9I@mailer.democrats.org; Chairman@gop.com; Sue_Tharp@mcconnell.senate.gov; editor@aarp.org; netaudr@abc.com; support@abcnews.go.com; NETAUDR@abc.com; afmag@afa.org; Letters@theatlantic.com; newsonline@bbc.co.uk; helenboaden.complaints@bbc.co.uk; letters@baltsun.com; oreilly@foxnews.com; news@globe.com; evening@cbsnews.com; uttm@cbs.com; letters@usnews.com; sf.nancy@mail.house.gov; edit@ctpost.com; cjletter@louisv02.gannett.com; sg@un.org; or@mailscan2.smartechcorp.net; ecu@un.org; dateline@nbc.com; democraticparty@democrats.org; comments@foxnews.com; Governor@gov.state.ak.us; governor@governor.ca.gov; governorowens@state.co.us; governor@state.il.us; governor@mail.state.ky.us; phil.bredesen@state.tn.us; inquirer.letters@phillynews.com; newshour@pbs.org; mayor@metro.nashville.org; HeraldEd@herald.com; register@dibbs.net; executive-editor@nytimes.com; managing-editor@nytimes.com; magazine@nytimes.com; webmaster@timesunion.com; Today@NBC.com; nightly@nbc.com; circhotline@nydailynews.com; editor@nypost.com; letters@nypost.com; themail@newyorker.com; letters@newsweek.com; editor@sfbayview.com; letters@sfexaminer.com; editpage@seattle-pi.com; newsletter@alexander.senate.gov; rep.harold.ford.jr@mail.house.gov; Barack_Obama@obama.senate.gov; Senator@Biden.Senate.gov; dick@durbin.senate.gov; Russell_Feingold@feingold.senate.gov; senator@feinstein.senate.gov; senator_frist@frist.senate.gov; senator_mccain@mccain.senate.gov; Sundays@CBSNEWS.Com; letters@tennessean.com; Letters@time.com; BMUELLER@WKRN.COM; Programming@wsmv.com; letters@usnews.com; cs@capitoladvantage.com; ornet@ossrom.va; wsj.ltrs@wsj.com; newsletter@washingtonpost.com; letters@washingtontimes.com; Janet.Walton1@mail.house.gov; letters@factsandlogic.org; letters@haaretz.co.il; Chairman@gop.com; info@straighttalkamerica.com; sg@un.org; or@mailscan2.smartechcorp.net; ecu@un.org; usaun@undp.org; cfra@coralridge.org; mail@democraticunderground.com; HouseDemocrats@mail.house.gov; info@episcopalchurch.org; feedback@TimesDispatch.com; letters@rd.com; Kennedy_Response@kennedy.senate.gov; jimrob@psnw.com; info@rnchq.org; Chairman@gop.com; Kennedy_Response@kennedy.senate.gov; info@straighttalkamerica.com; radio@presidencia.gob.mx; Janet.Walton1@mail.house.gov; coneg@sso.org
Subject:	[*] Senator Hillary Clinton On Immigration Reform

Dear Mr. President,

What Senator Clinton suggests in her message is a
step in the right direction.  I urge you and members
of Congress to work together and find a workable solution
to America's border problems.  Keep party politics out of it
or nothing will be done.

Very concerned,

Burnett W. Porter, Jr.
3225 Happy Hollow
Hopkinsville, Ky. 42240
porter_b@hesenergy.net

Bcc:  Members of Congress (Web Form)
        Governors
        News Media
        Many Others


From: Senator_Clinton@clinton.senate.gov 
thread-index: AcakUedI9tz5nnAYT/mDHLt0aMfzfg== 
Thread-Topic: A message from Senator Hillary Rodham Clinton 
To: <porter_b@hesenergy.net> 
X-ASG-Orig-Subj: A message from Senator Hillary Rodham Clinton 
Subject: A message from Senator Hillary Rodham Clinton 
Date: Mon, 10 Jul 2006 14:51:50 -0400 
X-Mailer: Microsoft CDO for Windows 2000 
Priority: normal 
X-OriginalArrivalTime: 10 Jul 2006 18:51:50.0829 (UTC) FILETIME=[E767E5D0:01C6A451] 
X-Virus-Scanned: by Barracuda Spam Firewall at thorsystems.net 

Dear Mr. Porter, Jr.: 

Thank you for sharing with me your concerns regarding the complex issue of immigration reform. I have heard from many of my New York constituents on this important topic. 

            Our immigration system is in a crisis. There are estimated to be more than 11 million undocumented workers in the country. Our current immigration laws fail to protect our borders, or to provide adequately for our national security. At the same time, unscrupulous employers seeking cheap labor are permitted to ignore our laws and to exploit undocumented workers. As a result of our immigration laws, families are torn apart, unable to reunite with spouses, parents, children and siblings due to a shortage of visas. Our system also places a huge drain on our state social services. We have an immigration system that is broken, and we have to find realistic and fair solutions to fix it. 

           I support comprehensive immigration reform that is based on a number of principles. We must strengthen our borders to make us safer from the threat of terrorism, and give our Border Patrol agents the resources they need to be more effective in stopping undocumented aliens at the border. We must also engage with Mexico and other countries to solve the problem of illegal immigration. New workplace and interior enforcement laws should be both strict and fair, and must include strict penalties for those who exploit undocumented workers. We must implement a fairer process for people seeking to come to America , particularly for those whose families are torn apart by our failed system. Finally, meaningful reform should include a path to earned citizenship for those who are here, working hard, paying taxes, respecting the law, and are prepared to meet a high bar for becoming a citizen. 

Last month, I voted in favor of final passage of the Comprehensive Immigration Reform Act of 2006 . This legislation is designed to strengthen our borders and to provide for an orderly and practical system of immigration that is both strict and fair. The bill is not perfect. However, it begins to address the fundamental challenges that confront our current immigration system, and implements much needed reforms that both honor our heritage as a nation of immigrants and respect our commitment to the rule of law. 

           Next, Senate and House conferees will meet in an attempt to reconcile the two drastically different immigration reform measures passed in each body. I call on members of the conference to follow the bipartisan, comprehensive approach chosen by the Senate rather than the narrow and punitive bill passed by the House. I also call on the President to exercise his leadership in support of comprehensive immigration reform. I oppose one-sided solutions that simply sound tough but neither address our porous borders nor treat with dignity the millions of families who live and work in our country. 

Please know that the thoughts and concerns of my constituents are very important to me and I send my thanks that you took the time to write. For updates on this and the many important issues being considered by the United States Senate, please check my website at http://clinton.senate.gov. 


Sincerely yours,

Hillary Rodham Clinton 
  


From:	Sid Kleiner <skleiner@comcast.net>
Sent:	Monday, July 10, 2006 3:24 PM
To:	McDonough, Jim
Cc:	Governor Jeb Bush; LAURA FDOC BEDARD; WALT MURPHREE, FDOCIG
Subject:	RE: Samuel Diaz, #386149
Attachments:	DIAZ, SAMMY, 7-03-06-1.jpg; DIAZ, SAMMY, 7-03-06-2.jpg

  

 Sid Kleiner, President 

Beth Tikvah Jewish Prisoner Outreach
Serving Florida’s Jewish Inmates & Their Loved Ones
10188 Winterview Drive
Naples, FL  34109-1520

Phone:  239-591-2649, FAX: 239-566-7702-E-mail: bethtikvah@comcast.net


Please Visit Our Website: bethtikvahjpo.org


An IRS-Approved, Not-For-Profit Corporation 

July 10th, 2006
 

James McDonough, Secretary

Florida Department of Corrections
Tallahassee, FL 
 
Secretary.McDonough@mail.dc.state.fl.us

RE: Samuel Diaz, #386149

PM Unit
Columbia Correctional Institution
216 S.E. Corrections Way
Lake City, FL 32025-2009
 
Greetings, Secretary McDonough!
 
Please take a few moments to read the words of a very fear-filled whistle-blower. Chances are that many heads will fall if Sammy Diaz tells all that he knows and all that he has done. Diaz is willing to swear (polygraph test, too!) that he was instructed by staff to attack, maim, hurt, etc. certain inmates. If this is true (and I have reason to believe that it is!), there is indeed an ongoing conspiracy taking place at Columbia Correctional Institution. 
 
Some time ago, Sam Diaz linked to his Lord, he found God. Diaz refuses to render beatings on demand these days. Hence, he becomes a potential whistle-blower who can reveal some very sordid happenings at CCI. He has been ordered to remain silent. He chooses to stop the corruption and have sanity prevail at this facility. Finding God can be a costly endeavor for Sammy Diaz. But he trusts God and he trusts me. He is willing to risk limb and life so the brutality will cease.
 
What is the FDOC willing to do to obtain this man’s revelations and assure his ongoing safety? I am purposely going to share this memo with dozens of concerned advocates. If anything happens to Diaz or to any of us advocates, the truth will be known. There are some filthy, dirty goings-on at Columbia Correctional Institution. What is the FDOC doing to rein in the savages who have assumed a posture of invincibility? Their threats cause me no loss of sleep. They must ultimately confront their own conscience and their personal Creator. But I do worry about Diaz, Jones, Paulk, and so many others. It’s house-cleaning time, my friend!
 
With regards and best wishes,
Sid Kleiner
Skleiner@comcast.net  
 
 
From:	ross greybill <ross2vegas@peoplepc.com>
Sent:	Monday, July 10, 2006 3:16 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Cc:	APP
Subject:	[*] Fw: Fair Immigration

 
----- Original Message ----- 
From: Michael Bruning 
To: 911fsa 
Sent: Sunday, July 09, 2006 11:35 PM
Subject: Fw: Fair Immigration

 
----- Original Message ----- 
From: Michael Bruning 
To: TENNESSEE STATE ; PAUL STREITZ CTCFORIC ; Michael Bruning ; mothersagainstillegalaliens ; GIANLUCA ZANNA ; LEON DONAHUE ; JUDICIAL WATCH ; EAGLE FORUM ; WEB MASTER ; immigrationreform ; Jon Eifert 
Sent: Sunday, July 09, 2006 9:31 PM
Subject: Fw: Fair Immigration

 

Fair Immigration

 

My wife, Rosemary, wrote a wonderful letter to the editor of the OC Register which, of course, was not printed.  So, I decided to "print" it myself by sending it out on the Internet.  Pass it along if you feel so inclined.

Dave LaBonte  

Written in response to a series of letters to the editor in the Orange County California Register:

 

Dear Editor: 

So many letter writers have based their arguments on how this land is made up of immigrants.  Ernie Lujan for one, suggests we should tear down the Statute of Liberty because the people now in question aren't being treated the same as those who passed through Ellis Island and other ports of entry.  Maybe we should turn to our history books and point out to people like Mr. Lujan why today's American is not willing to accept this new kind of immigrant any longer.

Back in 1900 when there was a rush from all areas of Europe to come to the United States, people had to get off a ship and stand in a long line in New York and be documented.  Some would even get down on their hands and knees and kiss the ground.  They made a pledge to uphold the laws and support their new country in good and bad times.  They made learning English a primary rule in their new American households and some even changed their names to blend in with their new home.They had waved good bye to their birth place to give their children a new life and did everything in their power to help their children assimilate into one culture.  Nothing was handed to them.  No free lunches, no welfare, no labor laws to protect them.

All they had were the skills and craftsmanship they had brought with them to trade for a future of prosperity.  Most of their children came of age when World War II broke out.  My father fought along side men whose parents had come straight over from Germany, Italy, France and Japan.  None of these 1st generation Americans ever gave any thought about what country their parents had come from.  They were Americans fighting Hitler, Mussolini and the Emperor of Japan. 

And we carried one flag that represented one country.  Not one of those immigrant sons would have thought about picking up another country's flag and waving it to represent who they were.  It would have been a disgrace to their parents who had sacrificed so much to be here.  These immigrants truly knew what it meant to be an American.  They stirred the melting pot into one red, white and blue bowl.

And here we are in 2006 with a new kind of immigrant who wants the same rights and privileges.  Only they want to achieve it by playing with a different set of rules, one that includes the entitlement card and a guarantee of being faithful to their mother country.  I'm sorry, that's not what being an American is all about.  I believe that the immigrants who landed on Ellis Island in the early 1900s deserve better than that for all the toil, hard work and sacrifice in raising future generations to create a land that has become a beacon for those legally searching for a better life.  I think they would be appalled that they are being used as an example by those waving foreign country flags. 

And for that suggestion about taking down the Statute of Liberty, it happens to mean a lot to the citizens who are voting on the immigration bill.  I wouldn't start talking about dismantling the United States just yet.

Rosemary LaBonte


  _____  

I am using the free version of SPAMfighter for private users.
It has removed 75 spam emails to date.
Paying users do not have this message in their emails.
Try SPAMfighter for free now!


  _____  

No virus found in this incoming message.
Checked by AVG Free Edition.
Version: 7.1.394 / Virus Database: 268.9.9/382 - Release Date: 7/4/2006

From:	ross greybill <ross2vegas@peoplepc.com>
Sent:	Monday, July 10, 2006 3:03 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Cc:	APP
Subject:	Fw: Emailing: MORE PROAGANDA..
Attachments:	FreepathonLibertyMO-vi.jpg

 
----- Original Message ----- 
From: ross greybill 
To: pa 
Cc: ross greybill 
Sent: Monday, July 10, 2006 11:44 AM
Subject: Emailing: MORE PROAGANDA..

WHINNEY-ASS FARMERS WANT THEIR CAKE AND EAT IT TOO...FLORIDA AS WELL AS AROUND THE NATION...THEY WHINE, THEY WANT THEIR CHEAP LABOR AND DONT HAVE ENOUGH STAFF ON HAND, WELL BETCHA THEY LL FIND A WAY...WHINE NOW FOR THE PRESS SO YOU MAY GET AN EFFORT OUT FOR  THE PUBLIC...ANOTHER EXAMPLE OF RICH GETTIN RICHER...THSES FARMERS ARENT IDIOTS..THAEY CAN MANIPULATE THE MEDIA BUT NOT ME...FOOL ME ONCE SHAME ON YOU..FOOL ME TWICE??..NOT...SEE COMMENTS BELOW.... 
Free Republic
Home · Browse · Search 	Pings · Mail 	News/Activism
Topics · Post Article 	
  _____  


Skip to comments. 

2006 Q3 FReepathon. Target: $68,000	 Receipts & Pledges to-date: $21,265	
31%	  	
Thank you all very much!!	

Missing migrants put area farms in tight spot [illegals=missing migrants]
The Daily News ^ | 7-10-06 | Sophie Swecker


Posted on 07/10/2006 7:40:22 AM PDT by SJackson


WOODLAND --- A third of Jerry Dobbins' 155-acre strawberry crop rotted on the vine this year. His blueberry bushes are so heavy with fruit that the branches are hanging near the ground. 

There is no one to pick them. 

Dobbins Farm in Woodland is one of many farms across the state facing a huge labor shortage this growing season, as tighter security along the U.S.-Mexico border has crimped the supply of Latino migrant farm workers. 

The strawberry harvest, one of the hardest fruits to pick because of it's low proximity to the ground, has already come and gone at Dobbins' farm, the largest of its kind in Southwest Washington. Now Dobbins is worried that his other crops will suffer a similar fate. 

"We won't pay any of the bills on our strawberry crop this year," Dobbins said. 

The labor problem is not unique to this region, either. 

Production at the Bell Buoy Crab Co. in Chinook is down 50 percent since Immigration and Custom Enforcement raids in April, according to the Washington State Farm Bureau. Growers across the state are feeling the void left by the worker shortage, said Dean Boyer, spokesman for the Farm Bureau. 

"This is a rolling problem. As various harvests come, farmers are going to feel the effects," Boyer said. 

Dobbins was short about 100 workers on his farm this year, or about one-third of his workforce. 

Extreme temperatures in late June worsened the problem. Strawberries ripened faster than usual. An acre of strawberries usually requires around two workers per acre, but this season Dobbins needed three workers per acre. 

However, numbers were closer to one worker per acre. 

The workforce on the farm is almost entirely made up of Latino migrant workers, and Dobbins speculates that many of his usual workers simply did not show up this year because border crossing has become too dangerous and too expensive for those who have to hire "coyote" guides to help them. 

Dobbins says added security is not the answer to the nation's immigration controversy. 

"It seems to me like if they would have some kind of guest worker program in place before they put pressure on the borders. It would make a lot more sense to farmers. There's got to be a better solution than what they're doing," he said. 

Down the road, fellow farmer George Thoeny faces the same labor shortage. Like Dobbins and most farmers across the state, he depends on the migrant workers to stay in business. The Hispanic population, he said, is a necessity because white people are unwilling to do agricultural work. 

"I personally can tell you, where I need 300 workers a day, I haven't had one Caucasian person knock on my door and say, 'I want to work for you.' I couldn't do this without the Hispanic people," Thoeny said. "Fifteen years ago we would have a steady stream of young people coming to us to ask for a job. This year, we didn't have one Caucasian person come to us," added Dobbins. 

Handpicking berries is necessary for the farmers to turn a profit, because foreign competition keeps prices low. Both Dobbins and Thoeny own machines that can pick raspberries and blueberries, but they're too expensive and inefficient, Dobbins said. 

Machine picking costs him about 85 cents a pound, where handpickers make about 35 cents a pound. 

"It doesn't take a rocket scientist to see its going to be a disaster," he said. 

Berry-picking machines also pull green, unripened berries off the bush, making more work for farmers who have to spend more time sorting and wasting thousands of berries that won't ripen. The machines also damage fragile raspberries and create a much lower-quality product. 

"The price of machine-picked fruit is almost not worth picking," Dobbins said. 

The farmers are quick to defend the Latino population they employ. They mention hearing radio and TV talk show hosts portray Latinos as drug dealers and criminals, or claim that immigrants are stealing jobs from the workforce. They turn the shows off in disgust. 

"I think that most of these people who work in the fields are some of the hardest-working people I've ever seen in my life. They're no different than people who live here and go to Alaska to work in the summer," Thoeny said. 

Bob Baker, a Mercer Island airline pilot, takes exception. He is the author of state Initiative 946, which would have denied medical benefits, including prenatal care, to illegal immigrants. It failed to get enough signatures by Friday's deadline to get on the November ballot. 

"After doing I-946 for the last three months I've talked to enough people who have lost their jobs to illegals. We keep hearing this mantra of 'doing jobs Americans won't do.' It's not true," Baker said Friday. 

"I've talked to a mother in Yakima who wanted her teenage sons to get agriculture jobs and they couldn't," he said, adding that he believes employers are hiring illegal immigrants to drive down prices and avoid having to pay taxes on workers. 

Baker believes that stricter law enforcement would discourage illegal immigration. 

"If they knew we were serious about enforcing our law, they'd go back," he said. 

Baker, though, agrees with Dobbins, Thoeny and Boyer that a guest worker program is needed for migrant workers. 

Such a program would grant migrant workers a permit, for a fee, to come into the U.S. for the harvest months, and then return to Mexico for the rest of the year. 

"That way, the government will know who's here, employers will have to pay FICA (tax) and benefits on workers," Baker said. 

One of Dobbins long-time Latino workers, however, gets angry when she hears comments like Baker's. 

Minerva Alparacio, 28, started as a migrant worker on Dobbins' Farm six years ago and now lives there permanently, sending money home to her family in Mexico. 

"The only reason I'm here is to help my family," she said. 

Alparacio is one of the few bilingual pickers on the farm. She learned English during night classes at Lower Columbia College. 

Immigrant workers don't take jobs away from American citizens, she said. 

"It makes me sad because it's not true. I never see Americans out here picking strawberries. It's not true. Besides that, we're doing the jobs they don't want to do," she said. 

Alparacio also supports a guest worker program for migrants. 

"A work permit would work better, if they would just work and then come home. That's not reason not to let them in," Alparacio said. 

Vincente De Jesus is one such migrant who works on Dobbins' farm for the harvest and goes home to Oaxaca, Mexico, for the other eight months out of the year. 

De Jesus says that he comes to America to raise money for his four children in Mexico. The work is hard in Mexico, and they don't pay enough, he said. 

Crossing the border was tougher this year, too, De Jesus said. 

"I knew lots of people, about 20, that tried to make it across. Only two made it," he said. 

The shortage of workers is also creating extra pressure on the workers who remain here, according to employees and volunteers at the Woodland Community Service Center. 

The center gives out food to low-income families in the area, and serves several farm-worker families. 

"We stay open until 7 now, because they can't get away from the farms for the 5 p.m. distribution," said Agnes Schmitz, an office worker at the Community Service Center. 

For Dobbins and Thoeny, who struggle to come up with a working solution for this problem, a future for farming seems bleak. 

"Usually farmers can improvise and come up with a plan B," Thoeny said. "The depressing part is, there is no plan B."


  _____  

TOPICS: Business/Economy; Government; News/Current Events; Click to Add Topic
KEYWORDS: OHNONOTAGAIN; Click to Add Keyword 
  _____  

 
Donate Here By Secure Server 

Or mail checks to 

FreeRepublic, LLC 
PO BOX 9771 
FRESNO, CA 93794

or you can use 

PayPal at Jimrob@psnw.com 
STOP BY AND BUMP THE FUNDRAISER THREAD. 
It is in the breaking news sidebar! 

  _____  

[ Report Abuse | Bookmark ]
  _____  


many farms across the state facing a huge labor shortage this growing season, as tighter security along the U.S.-Mexico border has crimped the supply of Latino migrant farm workers. 

No, they're facing a labor shortage due to a business model built on violating the law. There's been no reduction in LEGAL migrant workers.


1 posted on 07/10/2006 7:40:24 AM PDT by SJackson 
[ Post Reply | Private Reply | View Replies | Report Abuse ]
  _____  

To: SJackson
"Fifteen years ago we would have a steady stream of young people coming to us to ask for a job. This year, we didn't have one Caucasian person come to us," added Dobbins.

He's probably still offering the exact same wage he was fifteen years ago....

2 posted on 07/10/2006 7:42:20 AM PDT by A Balrog of Morgoth (With fire, sword, and stinging whip I drive the RINOs in terror before me.) 
[ Post Reply | Private Reply | To 1 | View Replies | Report Abuse ]
  _____  

To: SJackson

Don't tell me, you didn't do a search before you posted this. Right?? 
:D 
I'm new at posting and so nervous, but I did a search and posted it this morning. It wasn't so hard after all (to post) I might do it again sometime!


3 posted on 07/10/2006 7:42:38 AM PDT by Shimmer128 (If chocolate fudge cake could sing, it would sound like Barry White.) 
[ Post Reply | Private Reply | To 1 | View Replies | Report Abuse ]
  _____  

To: SJackson

The seasonal cherries and blueberries are now very cheap in the grocery stores. I don't know if we are importing more or not but if there is a shortage of labor for US growers, it isn't hitting suburbia as yet.


4 posted on 07/10/2006 7:44:02 AM PDT by rhombus 
[ Post Reply | Private Reply | To 1 | View Replies | Report Abuse ]
  _____  

To: A Balrog of Morgoth
"We stay open until 7 now, because they can't get away from the farms for the 5 p.m. distribution," said Agnes Schmitz, an office worker at the Community Service Center. 

No wonder he's having problems getting Americans to the jobs he won't pay them enough to do.

5 posted on 07/10/2006 7:45:07 AM PDT by A Balrog of Morgoth (With fire, sword, and stinging whip I drive the RINOs in terror before me.) 
[ Post Reply | Private Reply | To 2 | View Replies | Report Abuse ]
  _____  

To: rhombus

Why not roll up your sleeves and pick all this yourself. 

Its called hard work that you earn the sweat and tears.


6 posted on 07/10/2006 7:47:20 AM PDT by Zenith 
[ Post Reply | Private Reply | To 4 | View Replies | Report Abuse ]
  _____  

To: rhombus

An excellent point. This is the best year I can ever remember for excellent, sweet fruit. And it's the cheapest I ever remember it.


7 posted on 07/10/2006 7:52:06 AM PDT by twigs 
[ Post Reply | Private Reply | To 4 | View Replies | Report Abuse ]
  _____  

To: SJackson
Exactly, having a economy based on a false pretense is stupid. Might as well put all your retirement in Enron.

8 posted on 07/10/2006 7:52:33 AM PDT by Marius3188 (Happy Resurrection Weekend) 
[ Post Reply | Private Reply | To 1 | View Replies | Report Abuse ]
  _____  

To: twigs
This is the best year I can ever remember for excellent, sweet fruit. And it's the cheapest I ever remember it. 

I paid $2 a pint for blueberries and $2.99 a pound for cherries this past weekend. I don't expect people will pay much more - maybe a little more but not much more. If American growers can't supply produce at those prices, I expect South American growers will.


9 posted on 07/10/2006 7:56:34 AM PDT by rhombus 
[ Post Reply | Private Reply | To 7 | View Replies | Report Abuse ]
  _____  

To: SJackson

Just the jobs that the 12 to 20 million illegals already here won't do.


10 posted on 07/10/2006 8:05:16 AM PDT by CONSERVE 
[ Post Reply | Private Reply | To 1 | View Replies | Report Abuse ]
  _____  

To: SJackson

In my area, if you are white, you must be at least 16 years old to pick fruit...If you are an illegal Mexican, the entire family is out in the field... 

Even back in the 60s, if a farmer could get a family of Mexicans, he wouldn't hire white people... 

Hardly anyone is my area has used humans to pick blueberries or cherries in years...


11 posted on 07/10/2006 8:11:18 AM PDT by Iscool (President Bush loves AMNESTY...But he hates the DICTIONARY...) 
[ Post Reply | Private Reply | To 1 | View Replies | Report Abuse ]
  _____  

To: A Balrog of Morgoth

"I think that most of these people who work in the fields are some of the hardest-working people I've ever seen in my life. They're no different than people who live here and go to Alaska to work in the summer," Thoeny said. 

Obviously, the Caucasians go to Alaska because he has made his preference for Latinos clear. He/they set themselves up. They made it necessary for the Caucasians to go to Alaska. When the Latinos leave, those that would go to Alaska will probably stay - and work for Dobbins and Thoeny. 



12 posted on 07/10/2006 8:12:07 AM PDT by definitelynotaliberal 
[ Post Reply | Private Reply | To 2 | View Replies | Report Abuse ]
  _____  

To: rhombus

There's an idea! Let their cheap labor fuel their economies. They can grow it there and send it to us. 



13 posted on 07/10/2006 8:16:08 AM PDT by definitelynotaliberal 
[ Post Reply | Private Reply | To 9 | View Replies | Report Abuse ]
  _____  

To: SJackson

AWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWW, isint that too bad. I honestly hope these farmers go bankrupt. Any business that requires ILLEGAL labor to make ends meet does not deserve to be in business.


14 posted on 07/10/2006 8:19:44 AM PDT by RFT1 
[ Post Reply | Private Reply | To 1 | View Replies | Report Abuse ]
  _____  

To: SJackson

You know, my finances each month would be in much better shape if I could steal gasoline and natural gas. I think the government should give me amnesty to steal my energy needs, because my job isn't profitable enough with my current business model. If businesses are allowed to skirt the law to make more money, then I should be allowed to do so as well.


15 posted on 07/10/2006 8:22:55 AM PDT by mysterio 
[ Post Reply | Private Reply | To 1 | View Replies | Report Abuse ]
  _____  

To: SJackson
"I personally can tell you, where I need 300 workers a day, I haven't had one Caucasian person knock on my door and say, 'I want to work for you.' I couldn't do this without the Hispanic people," 

Because non-hispanics are justifiably AFRAID to be out in the fields with the hispanics that think they OWN the labor rights. 

This article is such BS propaganda! Berry field owners in the US are using an extremely inefficient labor model. Workers stoop and carry boxes back and forth. Europe and New Zealand, for example, produce berries and there the (lesser numbered and better paid) pickers recline on mobile carriers that allow them to pick more per hour and not get worn out. 

the berry farmer in this article is just rationaling his poor practices--at our national expense.


16 posted on 07/10/2006 8:25:55 AM PDT by Poincare 
[ Post Reply | Private Reply | To 1 | View Replies | Report Abuse ]
  _____  

To: RFT1
" Any business that requires ILLEGAL labor to make ends meet does not deserve to be in business."

Yup.
If he can't be in business by obeying the law, he has no business being in business.
Meanwhile, the rest of us don't get to subsidize his "cheap labor" by paying big taxes to cover their huge health/social security costs.

17 posted on 07/10/2006 8:26:01 AM PDT by Jameison 
[ Post Reply | Private Reply | To 14 | View Replies | Report Abuse ]
  _____  

To: SJackson

Use prison labor and detained illegals?...........hmmmmm


18 posted on 07/10/2006 8:27:35 AM PDT by vietvet67 
[ Post Reply | Private Reply | To 1 | View Replies | Report Abuse ]
  _____  

To: rhombus
I paid $2 a pint for blueberries and $2.99 a pound for cherries this past weekend. I don't expect people will pay much more - maybe a little more but not much more. If American growers can't supply produce at those prices, I expect South American growers will. 

Using cheap labor. US fruit cannot compete with imported fruit. 

Fruit growers will go out of business without low cost labor.


19 posted on 07/10/2006 8:30:46 AM PDT by sinkspur (Today, we settled all family business.) 
[ Post Reply | Private Reply | To 9 | View Replies | Report Abuse ]
  _____  

To: SJackson

"migrants" must be the new liberal talking point 

I saw this story over the weekend about a boatload of "migrants" trying to sneak into florida 




http://www.cnn.com/2006/WORLD/americas/07/08/migrant.boat/ 

Cuban migrant dies in high-speed dash to Florida 
Coast Guard stops boat loaded with 31 migrants 




MIAMI, Florida (CNN) -- A woman died after the Coast Guard chased and captured a speedboat carrying 31 Cuban migrants and three suspected immigrant smugglers about 4 miles off the coast of Boca Chica, Florida, on Saturday, the Coast Guard said.


20 posted on 07/10/2006 8:31:04 AM PDT by edzo4 
[ Post Reply | Private Reply | To 1 | View Replies | Report Abuse ]
  _____  

To: SJackson

Great summer jobs for kids.


21 posted on 07/10/2006 8:31:55 AM PDT by bannie (The government which robs Peter to pay Paul can always depend upon the support of Paul.) 
[ Post Reply | Private Reply | To 1 | View Replies | Report Abuse ]
  _____  

To: SJackson
How will we ever run the plantations without slaves? Why, the cotton crop will rot in the field without chattel slavery. Maybe we could start a pilot program for part-time slaves, but legal, like. We could call them indentured servants or sharecroppers, and then our slave level wages would be all legal.

22 posted on 07/10/2006 8:36:28 AM PDT by LexBaird ("Politically Correct" is the politically correct term for "F*cking Retarded". - Psycho Bunny) 
[ Post Reply | Private Reply | To 1 | View Replies | Report Abuse ]
  _____  

To: SJackson

Hey, now is the time for the uber anti-immigrantors to rush in and show they are willing to do the work and get the harvests in - put some action behind the rhetoric


23 posted on 07/10/2006 8:39:05 AM PDT by maine-iac7 (LINCOLN: "...but you can't fool all of the people all of the time") 
[ Post Reply | Private Reply | To 1 | View Replies | Report Abuse ]
  _____  

To: mysterio

You are exactly right, well said.


24 posted on 07/10/2006 8:40:32 AM PDT by calvo 
[ Post Reply | Private Reply | To 15 | View Replies | Report Abuse ]
  _____  

To: sinkspur
Using cheap labor. US fruit cannot compete with imported fruit. Fruit growers will go out of business without low cost labor. 

Yup, I understand this as we've seen it in other industries as well. I think many do not care.


25 posted on 07/10/2006 8:44:35 AM PDT by rhombus 
[ Post Reply | Private Reply | To 19 | View Replies | Report Abuse ]
  _____  

To: sinkspur
Fruit growers will go out of business without low cost labor. 

It isn't low cost labor. It is publicly subsidized labor. The fruit farmer is underpaying these people, and throwing their social and large parts of their basic costs on the taxpayer to support in whole. 

Traditionally, these jobs were filled by young people, teens not yet on their own who depended on their families for shelter, clothing, education and medical support. Now, these teens have been undercut by social services leeches, who get those supports from the U.S. taxpayer. 

But the costs are still there, even if they aren't a line item in the fruit farmer's ledger book.


26 posted on 07/10/2006 8:49:05 AM PDT by LexBaird ("Politically Correct" is the politically correct term for "F*cking Retarded". - Psycho Bunny) 
[ Post Reply | Private Reply | To 19 | View Replies | Report Abuse ]
  _____  

To: bannie

I picked berries and beans starting when I was about 10.....on my own at 12/13.....nowadays they probably would say a CAUCASION had to be 16 years old, have a work permit, etc....before they would even consider them.


27 posted on 07/10/2006 8:50:12 AM PDT by goodnesswins ( "the left can only take power through deception." (and it seems Hillary & Company are the masters) 
[ Post Reply | Private Reply | To 21 | View Replies | Report Abuse ]
  _____  

To: bannie
Great summer jobs for kids. 

When I was young - and I mean 8-10 - we used to get out of school two weeks in the fall to pick potatoes. 

We LOVED it = (and I'm a 'girl') - two weeks out of the classroom, getting paid according to our individual efforts, the camaraderie of being together as a community and being included with the adults as equals, the health benefits of fresh air, sunshine and exercise, etc. AND, our schoolwork didn't suffer. The little one-teacher, one-room, "8 grades plus sub-primary" school resulted in REAL education. When my brother and I left to go to big city schools in Boston - we were a full year ahead. 

But the gov't decided such opportunities for children as potato picking was cruel child labor - and outlawed it.


28 posted on 07/10/2006 8:52:11 AM PDT by maine-iac7 (LINCOLN: "...but you can't fool all of the people all of the time") 
[ Post Reply | Private Reply | To 21 | View Replies | Report Abuse ]
  _____  

To: LexBaird

I live 35 miles from Woodland. The illegals are here, trust me. They don't do agriculture anymore. The latest survey in the local paper indicated only 3% of illegals work in ag. The rest who work are in construction (49%) and services (48%). The illegals have found better wages out of the fields by undercutting U.S. workers in all blue collar job fields. This has nothing to do with a tighter border. 

Try driving to central California around Modesto. The ATM machines are in Spanish first - you have to press a key for English. You can't get a job at an auto supply house unless you are bilingual. 

This is all about illegals sinking their teeth deeper into the U.S. job market. This has nothing to do about the number of illegals.


29 posted on 07/10/2006 9:05:40 AM PDT by scuba - doo 
[ Post Reply | Private Reply | To 26 | View Replies | Report Abuse ]
  _____  

To: SJackson
"There is no one to pick them." 

Wrong. there are plenty of people available to pick their berries. Just not at the low illegal immigrant wages they are willing to pay. 

I have no sympathy for failing agri-business' which are only failing because they are finding it more difficult to BREAK THE LAW.


30 posted on 07/10/2006 9:05:58 AM PDT by Nathan Zachary 
[ Post Reply | Private Reply | To 1 | View Replies | Report Abuse ]
  _____  

To: maine-iac7
Hey, now is the time for the uber anti-immigrantors to rush in and show they are willing to do the work and get the harvests in - put some action behind the rhetoric.

You go first.

31 posted on 07/10/2006 9:12:52 AM PDT by A Balrog of Morgoth (With fire, sword, and stinging whip I drive the RINOs in terror before me.) 
[ Post Reply | Private Reply | To 23 | View Replies | Report Abuse ]
  _____  

To: maine-iac7; goodnesswins

Like both of you, I worked in the fields many, many summers (and winters). It's good hard work. Unfortunately, we've taken that opportunity away from the kids "for their own good." 

BTW, this entitles us to be called "migrants."


32 posted on 07/10/2006 9:14:38 AM PDT by bannie (The government which robs Peter to pay Paul can always depend upon the support of Paul.) 
[ Post Reply | Private Reply | To 28 | View Replies | Report Abuse ]
  _____  

To: SJackson
Dobbins was short about 100 workers on his farm this year, or about one-third of his workforce. 

Why not simply place a classified ad and hire Americans? 

"It seems to me like if they would have some kind of guest worker program in place before they put pressure on the borders. It would make a lot more sense to farmers. There's got to be a better solution than what they're doing," he said. 

The government used to have a guest worker program in place. It was called the Bracero program. 

Unfortunately, it was killed because greedy farmers, such as yourself decided to hire Mexican migrant workers and pay them less wages than were being paid to American workers. Then, farmers, such as yourself, told the American workers to work for Mexican wages or find another job, which they did. But, not before complaining to their unions, who lobbied Congress to kill the program, which they did. 

Down the road, fellow farmer George Thoeny faces the same labor shortage. Like Dobbins and most farmers across the state, he depends on the migrant workers to stay in business. The Hispanic population, he said, is a necessity because white people are unwilling to do agricultural work. 

No, Americans are unwilling to do agricultural work in America and be paid Mexican wages. 

"I personally can tell you, where I need 300 workers a day, I haven't had one Caucasian person knock on my door and say, 'I want to work for you.' I couldn't do this without the Hispanic people," Thoeny said. "Fifteen years ago we would have a steady stream of young people coming to us to ask for a job. This year, we didn't have one Caucasian person come to us," added Dobbins. 

Well, Mr. Dobbins, how much money did you offer them? 

Baker, though, agrees with Dobbins, Thoeny and Boyer that a guest worker program is needed for migrant workers. 

Such a program would grant migrant workers a permit, for a fee, to come into the U.S. for the harvest months, and then return to Mexico for the rest of the year. 

Again, the USA used to have such a program, called the Bracero program, but it was killed by greedy farmers who wanted to maximize their profits by driving down the wages of the American workers. Pay a fair (American) wage and you'll find no shortage of workers. 

Then, there's the problem of stoop labor, but I'm sure strawberry farmers, like Mr. Dobbins and Mr. Thoeny don't want to talk about that subject.


33 posted on 07/10/2006 9:21:42 AM PDT by Ol' Dan Tucker (Karen Ryan reporting...) 
[ Post Reply | Private Reply | To 1 | View Replies | Report Abuse ]
  _____  

To: sinkspur
I don't buy imported fresh fruits and vegetables.
Ever since some people came down with hepatitis from imported green onions, because they had been most likely fertilized with human feces, I am VERY picky about what produce I purchase.

34 posted on 07/10/2006 9:23:11 AM PDT by JRochelle 
[ Post Reply | Private Reply | To 19 | View Replies | Report Abuse ]
  _____  

To: Zenith
What berry farmers around here do, is get the customer to pick their own berries. It's called U-pick. It's cheaper (and better) than the stuff you buy in stores. 

Years ago my Aunt had a raspberry farm. They used to hire kids to pick berries, and paid them 25 cents per basket (25 baskets per crate, which takes less than an hour to pick). Kids would come and pick until they made enough money to buy what ever they wanted that day, (usually spending it all on candy and pop). Kids would show up at all times of the day on their bikes and pick. When the small town fair was on, they would all show up early, pick and make money then go spend it at the fair. 

Those days are long gone however.


35 posted on 07/10/2006 9:23:29 AM PDT by Nathan Zachary 
[ Post Reply | Private Reply | To 6 | View Replies | Report Abuse ]
  _____  

To: SJackson

I'm ready to start paying $10 for a head of lettuce. 

These growers simply have to start paying higher wages.


36 posted on 07/10/2006 9:24:27 AM PDT by x1stcav (A Racist is a Conservative winning an argument with a Liberal.) 
[ Post Reply | Private Reply | To 1 | View Replies | Report Abuse ]
  _____  

To: sinkspur
Using cheap labor. US fruit cannot compete with imported fruit. 

That is the case. I think it is false to say U.S. workers aren't willing to do these jobs. In reality, it is that U.S. consumers aren't willing to pay for the produce at the prices that would enable the farmers to hire legal U.S. workers. Hence, the public instead will pay for Chilean grapes or Brazilian oranges picked by the cheap labor there while the U.S. farmers go out of business. An immigration crack-down won't affect the prices for produce, just where the produce originates. Construction will be a different matter unless we start seeing pre-fab homes "Made in China." Expect prices in construction to rise.


37 posted on 07/10/2006 9:26:05 AM PDT by Armando Guerra 
[ Post Reply | Private Reply | To 19 | View Replies | Report Abuse ]
  _____  

To: Poincare
"...the pickers recline on mobile carriers that allow them to pick more per hour and not get worn out." 

Sounds good. I'd never heard of that!! Do you have any links with pictures? I just love applications of mechanical ingenuity :o)


38 posted on 07/10/2006 9:30:22 AM PDT by Mrs. Don-o (Mobile carriers for me!) 
[ Post Reply | Private Reply | To 16 | View Replies | Report Abuse ]

Disclaimer: Opinions posted on Free Republic are those of the individual posters and do not necessarily represent the opinion of Free Republic or its management. All materials posted herein are protected by copyright law and the exemption for fair use of copyrighted works. 

Free Republic
Home · Browse · Search 	Pings · Mail 	News/Activism
Topics · Post Article 	
  _____  

FreeRepublic, LLC, PO BOX 9771, FRESNO, CA 93794 
FreeRepublic.com is powered by software copyright 2000-2003 Robinson-DeFehr Consulting, LLC. 

  _____  

No virus found in this incoming message.
Checked by AVG Free Edition.
Version: 7.1.394 / Virus Database: 268.9.9/382 - Release Date: 7/4/2006

From:	Cary ortega <miamigirlrider@yahoo.com>
Sent:	Monday, July 10, 2006 3:00 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush; john.outland@dep.state.fl.us; jgcox@naplesnews.com; kara.kenney@nbc-2.com; ksaenz@wftx4.com; swampbuggy2@earthlink.net; barjnpwll@aol.com; donnafiala@colliergov.net; frankhalas@colliergov.net; fredcoyle@colliergov.net; tomhenning@colliergov.net; jimcoletta@colliergov.net; biker01@bellsouth.net; vcnp@aol.com; sean.brown@abc-7.com; webmaster@mail.arra-access.com; jsparks@legstrat.com; cfatvclub@aol.com; chris@southernknightsatv.com; customrubicon@yahoo.com; denniscrf@yahoo.com; miamigirlrider@yahoo.com; metfreakk@earthlink.net; editor@naplesnews.com; four_wheelin4fun@yahoo.com; jamesinnaples@yahoo.com; Davis, Mike; albert_menendez@adelphia.net; Aditchdoc@aol.com; atvgirl@thedirtygirls.net; Banshee1987@eathlink.net; Blue@bluescycle.com; BMac240@hotmail.com; damon_m_lee@yahoo.com; dixieboy1479@hotmail.com; dustmudder69@netzero.net; gmc4x4countrygal@aol.com; gwest@onearrow.net; harufam@earthlink.com; jmnasdaqqqq@hotmail.com; Justin888@bellsouth.net; mdaybc@hotmail.com; mejasnanny@comcast.net; mjavy7@gmail.com; Muddywatersatv@yahoo.com; nalienprincess@aol.com; PATSSMS@aol.com; ramatv@msn.com; Redgrizzly660@aol.com; rypiii@netzero.com; sam_witch@yahoo.com; sawesero039@msn.com; selling_this_stuff@yahoo.com; support@fl-atv.com; toothfairy1214@netzero.net; wildboy_2002@yahoo.com; wswise1@cox.net
Subject:	[*] Fwd: Off-Highway Vehicle Advisory Meeting - public forum for OHV issues - being held in Miami-Dade County



"McCall, James A (MDPR)" <JAMCCAL@miamidade.gov> wrote: 

Subject: Off-Highway Vehicle Advisory Meeting - public forum for OHV issues - being held in Miami-Dade County
Date: Fri, 7 Jul 2006 16:24:59 -0400
From: "McCall, James A \(MDPR\)" <JAMCCAL@miamidade.gov>
To: <dbryan6585@aol.com>,
<acollins@jciinternational.com>,
<pkcycles@aol.com>,
<Brooke.Lynch@djj.state.fl.us>,
<miamigirlrider@yahoo.com>,
"Casado-Acorn, Christina \(DERM\)" <CasadC@miamidade.gov>,
<pybas@ifas.ufl.edu>,
"Young, Emilie \(DERM\)" <YoungE@miamidade.gov>,
<GMarston@WRTdesign.com>,
<gmat@bellsouth.net>,
"Burzycki, Gwen \(DERM\)" <BurzyG@miamidade.gov>,
<jackterrell@tampabay.rr.com>,
"Jason Hosford" <hosforjp@yahoo.com>,
<jasmith@sfwmd.gov>,
<pm1@bellsouth.net>,
<thehump@thehumponline.com>,
<rconover@sfwmd.gov>,
"Silvia Vargas" <SVargas@cg.WRTdesign.com>
CC: <waldroj@doacs.st.fl.us>,
"Heinicke, Mark \(MDPR\)" <MHEINIC@miamidade.gov>,
"Hansen, Eric \(MDPR\)" <EricH@miamidade.gov>,
"Falsey, Barbara \(MDPR\)" <Barbara@miamidade.gov>


Dear Off-Highway Vehicle enthusiasts, promoters, dealers, and concerned public agency representatives:
 
I want to inform you of a very important public meeting.  Please be advised that the next Off-Highway Vehicle Advisory Committee Meeting of the State Division of Forestry will be Friday August 4, 2006 in Miami, Florida. The Miami-Dade Park and Recreation Department is hosting the meeting at the Palmetto Golf Course, which is located about halfway between Homestead and Miami, at 9300 SW 152nd Street.  The meeting is scheduled from 10:00 am to 3:00 pm (promptly).   
 
As you probably know already, the Miami-Dade County Park and Recreation Department has received a grant from the State Division of Forestry, and is in the process of conducting a county-wide search for locations to provide OHV trails.
 
This committee visits the Miami area only once every year or two, so please don’t miss your chance to voice your ideas, concerns, and questions in a public forum setting.  The meeting consists of presentations, panel discussions, and there is always time reserved for a public discussion/questions period.
 
Please contact me with any questions about the meeting.  For members and leaders of OHV enthusiast groups, please spread the word along to your members of this important meeting.
 
Sincerely,
Andy McCall, Park Planner 2 
Miami-Dade County Park and Recreation Department 
275 NW 2nd St., Suite 423, Miami, FL 33128 
305-755-7993 Phone  305-755-7864 Fax 
www.miamidade.gov/parks 
"Delivering Excellence Every Day" 
Miami-Dade County is a public entity subject to Chapter 119 of the Florida Statutes concerning public records. E-mail messages are covered under such laws and thus subject to disclosure.
 


  _____  

Open multiple messages at once with the all new Yahoo! Mail Beta. 

  _____  

Do you Yahoo!?
Next-gen email? Have it all with the all-new Yahoo! Mail Beta.
From:	Cary ortega <miamigirlrider@yahoo.com>
Sent:	Monday, July 10, 2006 2:58 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush; john.outland@dep.state.fl.us; jgcox@naplesnews.com; kara.kenney@nbc-2.com; ksaenz@wftx4.com; swampbuggy2@earthlink.net; barjnpwll@aol.com; donnafiala@colliergov.net; frankhalas@colliergov.net; fredcoyle@colliergov.net; tomhenning@colliergov.net; jimcoletta@colliergov.net; biker01@bellsouth.net; vcnp@aol.com; sean.brown@abc-7.com; webmaster@mail.arra-access.com; jsparks@legstrat.com; cfatvclub@aol.com; chris@southernknightsatv.com; customrubicon@yahoo.com; denniscrf@yahoo.com; miamigirlrider@yahoo.com; metfreakk@earthlink.net; editor@naplesnews.com; four_wheelin4fun@yahoo.com; jamesinnaples@yahoo.com; Davis, Mike; albert_menendez@adelphia.net; Aditchdoc@aol.com; atvgirl@thedirtygirls.net; Banshee1987@eathlink.net; Blue@bluescycle.com; BMac240@hotmail.com; damon_m_lee@yahoo.com; dixieboy1479@hotmail.com; dustmudder69@netzero.net; gmc4x4countrygal@aol.com; gwest@onearrow.net; harufam@earthlink.com; jmnasdaqqqq@hotmail.com; Justin888@bellsouth.net; mdaybc@hotmail.com; mejasnanny@comcast.net; mjavy7@gmail.com; Muddywatersatv@yahoo.com; nalienprincess@aol.com; PATSSMS@aol.com; ramatv@msn.com; Redgrizzly660@aol.com; rypiii@netzero.com; sam_witch@yahoo.com; sawesero039@msn.com; selling_this_stuff@yahoo.com; support@fl-atv.com; toothfairy1214@netzero.net; wildboy_2002@yahoo.com; wswise1@cox.net
Subject:	NOW IS THE TIME TO SPEAK UP!!!!
Attachments:	[REDACTED]-aug13gp.jpg

  _____  

Why keep checking for Mail? The all-new Yahoo! Mail Beta shows you when there are new messages.
From:	StaringCat@aol.com
Sent:	Monday, July 10, 2006 2:43 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Dunkin' Seniors

 

 

Dear Governor Bush,

 

I have submitted the following piece to the Florida Times Union and also wanted to express my concerns to you:

 

 

Dunkin’ Seniors

 

The donut hole. Once only a sweet treat to many, it is now a fearsome prescription trap. Believing I was helping my octogenarian father by enrolling him in the Social Security Prescription Plan, I was told forty dollars would be deducted from his Social Security Check and he would pay approximately five dollars for his generic prescriptions and higher, thirty to sixty dollars for the drugs that were not available in generic form. He was shocked to learn his thirty dollar prescription now costs him one hundred and fifty five dollars. So was I. What they didn’t tell me on the phone was written in a packet they sent him later, that he misplaced and obviously didn’t read. Seniors on the Signature plan will find that there is a twenty two hundred dollar cap on their medicines. Once that amount is reached they have to pay one hundred percent of their prescription until they’ve paid thirty-six hundred dollars out of their own pocket. This is a terrible burden on our seniors for a plan that was supposed to relieve a good portion of their prescription expense. My father’s first reaction, to my horror, was to break pills in half, reasoning that half the prescription was better than none. His prescription cost since he’s fallen into the “donut hole” is fifty percent of his monthly income. When I contacted the company, they said that this was the best plan they offered for his situation. Of course, if he liquidated his meager assets, he could apply for Medicaid. I’m sure a large portion of seniors will have to do exactly that to survive. But why should they give up what very little they’ve managed to save? How else can they afford the rising costs that supercede the minuscule “cost of living” increases of their Social Security?  Shouldn’t we do better by our seniors and not expect them to bear this burden as well?

 

 

 

Thank you for your time,

 

 

Gertie Poole

 

Jacksonville, FL    (904) 292-2224

From:	ross greybill <ross2vegas@peoplepc.com>
Sent:	Monday, July 10, 2006 2:21 PM
To:	APP
Cc:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Fw: American Chronicle: MEXICAN GOVERNMENT GIVES INSTRUCTIONS, AND MONEY TO ILLEGALS AS THEY ENTER THE US

 
----- Original Message ----- 
From: Michael Bruning 
To: Michael Bruning 
Sent: Sunday, July 09, 2006 10:33 PM
Subject: American Chronicle: MEXICAN GOVERNMENT GIVES INSTRUCTIONS, AND MONEY TO ILLEGALS AS THEY ENTER THE US

I'M NOT AT ALL SURE THAT THIS IS "FILLED WITH FACTS" OR THAT IT IS EVEN TRUE, BUT THE AUTHOR DOES LIVE HERE AND IS - WHO HE SAYS HE IS, ETC.
 
IF IT IS TRUE - THEN WE HAVE SOME VERY SERIOUS QUESTIONS OF "TREASON" AS THEY RELATE TO JOHN MCCAIN AND HIS OFFICE STAFF, AS WELL AS WITH THE ACTIVE INTERFERENCE BY THE MEXICAN GOVERNMENT - AND THE MANY TRANSPORTAITON SHUTTLE VAN OWNERS WHO OPERATE BETWEEN PHOENIX AND THE MEXICAN BORDER.
 
LIKEWISE, WE MIGHT EVEN HAVE SOME SERIOUS ISSUES WITH THE NATIONAL GUARD TROOPS, ESPECIALLY ONE FROM UTAH WHO IS HIGHLIGHTED IN THE STORY.
 
IF ALL OF THIS STORY IS INDEED TRUE - THEN WE ARE BEING SCAMMED BY A LOT OF PEOPLE WITH POWER IN THE USA AND THOSE WITH POWER IN MEXICO - AND IT NEEDS TO BE EXPOSED.
 
ANYONE WITH CONNECTIONS TO TANCREDO OR HAYWORTH OR DUNCAN HUNDTER OR PETER KING - NEEDS TO CONTACT THEM AND ASK FOR AN INVESTIGATION.  THIS IS SOME SERIOUS CRIMINAL ACTIVITY AND IT APPEARS THAT MCCAIN AND HIS STAFF ARE WELL AWARE OF WHAT IS AND HAS, BEEN GOING ON.
 
MICHAEL
PHEONIX, AZ
 
 
 
 
http://www.americanchronicle.com/articles/viewArticle.asp?articleID=11321 

  _____  

No virus found in this incoming message.
Checked by AVG Free Edition.
Version: 7.1.394 / Virus Database: 268.9.9/382 - Release Date: 7/4/2006

From:	Sid Kleiner <skleiner@comcast.net>
Sent:	Monday, July 10, 2006 2:12 PM
To:	McDonough, Jim
Cc:	Governor Jeb Bush; LAURA FDOC BEDARD; WALT MURPHREE, FDOCIG
Subject:	LUIS M. CHARLES, #393536 Union Correctional---Beaten by staff because he is Jewish!
Attachments:	CHARLESLUISLTR, 7-10-06.jpg

  

 Sid Kleiner, President 

Beth Tikvah Jewish Prisoner Outreach
Serving Florida’s Jewish Inmates & Their Loved Ones
10188 Winterview Drive
Naples, FL  34109-1520

Phone:  239-591-2649, FAX: 239-566-7702-E-mail: bethtikvah@comcast.net


Please Visit Our Website: bethtikvahjpo.org


An IRS-Approved, Not-For-Profit Corporation 

July 10th, 2006
 

James McDonough, Secretary

Florida Department of Corrections
Tallahassee, FL 
 
Secretary.McDonough@mail.dc.state.fl.us
 
Re: Luis M. Charles, #393536
B3-204
Union Correctional Institution
7819 N.W.  228th Street

Raiford, FL 32026

 
Charles E. Paulk, #292288
B-1-201-1 
Union Correctional Institution
7819 N.W.  228th Street

Raiford, FL 32026

 

G’ Day, Secretary McDonough!

 
Florida’s Jewish prisoners have learned that they are often singled out for “special treatment.” It is our organization’s position that bigotry, abuse, intimidation, retaliation and anti-Semitism are not an integral part of Florida’s treatment program to rehabilitate its prison inmates. Dr. Bedard and IG Walt Murphree agree that FDOC’s staffers should leave their prejudices home and, if they must, resume their bigotry when they return home later in the day.
 
A beating incident occurred at Union Correctional Institution and those who experienced and witnessed this beating are too frightened and intimidated so talk about it. Since their outgoing mail is monitored, these inmates are reluctant to supply details in writing. And now, one witness, Charles E. Paulk, is living in constant fear and anxiety. Why, because I wrote him for further information about the beating. Charles sees signs that staff knows about my letter and are becoming very hostile and threatening to him. 
 
The information we have is that Sgt. L. Crawford is the ringleader and instigator of the bigots who run the 4:00 PM to 12:00 AM shift at UCI. Inmate Luis M. Charles, a member of the Jewish group at UCI, was apparently beaten by Sgt. Crawford and his accomplices. To the best of our knowledge, Luis M. Charles suffered this beating because he is a member of the Jewish group. He did nothing else to provoke this witnessed attack. 
 
Because of his presence and involvement, Charles Paulk feels that he is in extreme danger at this moment. The reports we have received are that Sgt. Crawford and his underlings are the primary ethnic provokers at UCI. Their threats are taken very seriously. And I take the words of credible inmates very seriously! Once an investigation of the Luis M. Charles incident is launched, Jewish inmates could be vulnerable and in harm’s way, although it appears that they are already in danger! I implore your staff to take all steps necessary to assure that those who participate in Jewish observances at UCI are kept out of harm’s way. We surmise that the danger level will intensify.
 
As I was preparing this e-mail transmission a letter from the inmate who was beaten arrived. I shall attach his words as substantiation of the fear that has enveloped the involved inmates. These men are so intimidated that justice is not to be afforded them at the institutional level. It is incumbent upon the fair-minded upper-echelon staff in Tallahassee to remove these inmates from the hell that they are enduring and bring the alleged perpetrators to justice. To do less than this is to condone the clouds of hate and abuse that presently prevail unchecked at Union Correctional Institution.
 
Your immediate attention to this potentially life-threatening situation is requested and appreciated.
 
With best wishes,
Sid Kleiner
SKLEINER@COMCAST.NET  
 
From:	avenel vilsaint <avey21@yahoo.com>
Sent:	Monday, July 10, 2006 1:43 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	contact

                      Hi My namee is Avenel Pierre Vilasaint. I am living in Orlando.
 
I am an Haitian who want to become an american Citizen so that I can vote the 
 
Republicain Party. who ever read this message forward this message to the governor
 
I have a brilliant Idea for the coming election. it is an imperative that we are elected a 
 
republicain president in the white house
 
My address is 6132 N. Hudson Terr. 
  Orlando Florida 32808
 
All the information that you will need about me will be upon request just in case you want to do a background check on me before we meet.
 
 
Avenel Pierre Vilsaint
 



  _____  

Yahoo! Messenger with Voice. Make PC-to-Phone Calls to the US (and 30+ countries) for 2¢/min or less.
From:	Neil S. <neil9011@hotmail.com>
Sent:	Monday, July 10, 2006 1:35 PM
To:	mmayo@sun-sentinel.com
Cc:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	[*] RE: MASS-TRANSIT

AGAIN YOUR ARTICLE ON MASS-TRANSIT & TRI-RAIL WAS GREAT, BUT IT WOULD SEEM TO ME THAT THEY SHOULD OF THOUGHT OF ALL THIS BEFORE THEY STARTED BUILDING ALL THESE NEW TOWNHOMES/CONDO'S WITH 2-4 MORE CARS PER UNIT ON THE ROAD ALONG WITH 3-4 BEDROOMS & NO PLACE TO PUT THE KIDS IN SCHOOL EITHER.  WHAT A FRICKING MESS WE HAVE HADE FOR OUR SELVES & NO SURE WAY OUT OF IT...I AM ASHAMED OF THE GOVERNMENT ON ALL LEVELS.  MAY GOD HAVE MERCY ON US ALL.

KEEP UP THE GOOD REPORTING...

Have a great day, Neil  

  _____  

All-in-one security and maintenance for your PC.  Get a free 90-day trial! 
From:	Burnside, Penny <PennyBurnside@fpc.state.fl.us>
Sent:	Monday, July 10, 2006 1:26 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush; Keels, Janet
Cc:	Burnside, Penny
Subject:	RE: [*] Hello, Governor Jeb Bush

Concern was previously addressed on June 29, 2006.

 

  _____  

From: Governor Jeb Bush [mailto:Jeb.Bush@MyFlorida.com] 
Sent: Monday, July 10, 2006 12:33 PM
To: Keels, Janet; Burnside, Penny
Subject: FW: [*] Hello, Governor Jeb Bush

 

 

-----Original Message-----
From: Rosa Brown [mailto:rosyredgeorgia@yahoo.com]
Sent: Saturday, July 08, 2006 2:32 PM
To: Governor Jeb Bush
Subject: [*] Hello, Governor Jeb Bush

I want to first say I hope that you and your family are doing well, I am typing this email in hopes that the governor get to read it but just in case he doesnt I want to acknowledge who ever reads his mail. My name is (Rosa Brown), recently I type the governor a letter and did not get satisfaction concerning my fiance( Terrance P. Bastian) who is yet incarcerated at Dade Correctional Institution. I want to first say that the new news that I have received is down right sickening to me because my fiance has never harmed me his child or anyone else, I agree that he has did crimes that has him where he is but all we ask for his that he be allowed to come home based on the fact that he has served most of his sentence. 

Lastnight, while I was watching the news I saw a man (Emanuel Cadillion) was arrested for questioning about 25 murders not only that he is a career criminal  that also has been in and out of jail since 1996 but for some violent and deadly crimes yet, he was out walking freely on the street around innocent civilians and I ask myself what make this man so special that he is allowed to get chances. Trust me I didn't want to use anyone to prove a point, I just want my fiance(Terrance) to come home. I love him and we want to get married recently I finished school in Medical Billing and Terrance has achieved his high school diploma and other certifications while in Glades Correctional so, tell me is this a man who deserve a chance when you go home at night think about how happy you are around the one you love. I tried to explain his daughter(Latadra)situation millions of times but know one seem to really care about our situation they only care about punishment instead of our happiness.

I am sending this email again to someone who care to help resolve this matter we already applied for clemency and was turned down with a reason, we already pleading to the judge and I have been typing letters and waiting for a longtime and still my prayers are not answered.

Please, hear me.

 

Sincerely,

Ms.Rosa Brown

__________________________________________________
Do You Yahoo!?
Tired of spam? Yahoo! Mail has the best spam protection around 
http://mail.yahoo.com 

From:	DONNA HENARD-CRENSHAW <natalie229@hotmail.com>
Sent:	Monday, July 10, 2006 1:17 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	[*] WRIITEN IN LIEU OF MY CHILDREN'S SAFETY AT NIGHTTIME AND MY OWN IN LIEU OF ETC.

JUNE 22, 2006
5:22PM - 5:32PM   ( DINNER TIME)
 
 
THE CAPITOL
400 SOUTH MONROE ST
TALLAHASSEE, FLORIDA 32399
 
 
MR. JEB BUSH AND STAFF:
 
THIS IS REQUEST FOR RE-ADMITTANCE
TO THE DETROIT CASINO'S AS THEY ARE MISTAKEN:
 
PRESIDENTIAL ISSUES - HARD TO PROVE WITHOUT SECOND TO SECOND RECIEPTS
THAT MAKE A DIFFERENCE, SIR. POLITICAL AND JUDICIAL ISSUES REFORM LAWS, CHANGE OF:
CELEBS SHOULD SPEAK OUT ON THE REFORM ISSUES, I WOULD LIKE TO BE INVITED 
IN WRITING OF THOSE TYPES OF MEETINGS, WITH MY CHILDREN THREE SONS, HEALTHY?
 
IN LIEU OF MY DIVORCE BEING OVERLY USED AND WITHOUT MY PERMISSION ON NATIONAL
TELEVISION, I WOULD NEVER MAKE MY SONS UNCOMFORTABLE TO PLACE THEM AROUND
A SLICK STREET TYPE OF MAN AND HAVE THEM INTIMIDATED, THIS IS THE PROBLEM SIR.
THEY HAVE RIGHTS AND I DO NOT WANT THEIR LIVES THREATENED, SIR. SIR, WOULD
YOU PLEASE FAX THIS TO THE HON. GOVENOR OF MICHIGAN,  AND  SIR, IF YOU WANT TO SEND A GOOD PART OF MY EMAIL TO THE COMMANDER IN CHIEF, HERE IS MY WRITTEN PERMISSION TO DO SO, (FOR ENTRAPPMENT PURPOSES). RESPECTFULLY.  I AM HAVING
A ROUGH TIME OF IT BECAUSE OF OLDER HOOSIERS NOT HOUSE SITTING, IT CAUSES ME
TO HAVE TO CARRY MATERIALS I DO NOT WANT THE PUBLIC TO VIEW AND LETTERS, ETC.
SIR, I DO HOPE THIS MATTER IS RESOLVED IN A CORRECT FASHION.
 
*ISSUES, RELIGIOUS INTENTIONS ARE NOT FOR THE PUBLIC, SUNDAY AFTERNOON PLANS
AND I HAD NO OTHER WAY TO PROVE THIS, BESIDES BEING IN THE PUBLIC NEAR SECOND TO
SECOND RECIEPTS FROM MGM GRAND CASINOS, SIR. THIS IS REALLY WHAT HAPPENED,
THOSE ARE MY LOGICAL INTENTIONS, SIR.  SOME TELL HUGH LIES IN DIVORCEE, SIR. THIS
IS THE BOTTOM LINE AND WE ARE FROM OUT OF STATE A LARGE NUMBER OF US, NO ONE
APPRECIATE THAT KIND OF RUDE TALK AND PROVOKING OF, AND OR THE HUGH AMOUNT
OF STREET SLICK TALK ON TV, SIR.  WHY DO WE NEED TO HERE SUCH TALK, SIR.
 
 
SINCERELY YOURS
MS CRENSHAW, DONNA
NATALIE229@HOTMAIL.COM,
 
 
 
 
 
From:	Lt. Governor Toni Jennings
Sent:	Monday, July 10, 2006 1:12 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	FW: Education



-----Original Message-----
From: John J Meyer [mailto:johanjj@juno.com] 
Sent: Friday, July 07, 2006 3:49 PM
To: Lt. Governor Toni Jennings
Subject: Education


Dear Toni Jennings, 

It is pitiful that I have to tutor a child of the No Child Left behind Act of 2001 to prepare her for her electrical journeyman exam after being dismissed for a difference of opinion. Governor Jeb Bush claims in writing that he is powerless to look into this matter and so are our local Florida Senators and Representatives.  

I donated my time to train minorities and women to pass a mechanics test. On August 17, 2005, School Board Attorney Deming Cowles wrote to me that the school “can dismiss you for you’ re [sic] ethnic background....’ no explanation needed “. Can't you see that this type of wrongful dismissal has been eating me alive? 

May 15, 2002, is the day that President Bush signed into law the Federal (No FEAR) Act to increase federal agency accountability against Discrimination and Retaliation. I received a phone call from the OCR in Atlanta that will be backed up by a letter. The agency does not know of any federal agency that can hold a federal agency responsible under the (No Fear) Act.

Friday, May 5th, 2006, the day that the Florida Legislature gave final approval to House Bill 1123, the "Government Accountability Act." We are entitled to an explanation by our Senators and Representatives in the State of Florida which agency is holding a school board accountable for a wrongful dismissal in an illegal manner. 

A response will be appreciated.

 Sincerely yours,

John Meyer
404 Whitman Rd.
Winter Haven Fl. 33884


From:	BILLTILEY@aol.com
Sent:	Monday, July 10, 2006 1:01 PM
To:	dsf8955@yahoo.com; ahopkins@dakotacom.net; alanshattuck@ev1.net; alex_lang5@msn.com; aviation@vtc.net; ben.price@wgint.com; Bkoziol@aol.com; BoysanA@aol.com; bpatrick@eharchitects.com; BSavage423@aol.com; Castlepacific@aol.com; cliff@gesoco.com; customerservice@billoreilly.com; dangmember@yahoo.com; deltafox833@earthlink.net; DO737@aol.com; Dontiley@aol.com; doug.gratzer@gte.net; DOWIHERT@aol.com; edweenah@juno.com; Freemane930@aol.com; grover_g@msn.com; Harleyjack@gainusa.com; hunterboggs@netscape.com; Governor Jeb Bush; Jgottsleben@aol.com; jillconn@cox.net; jim@addaweb.net; joevangogh@cox.net; john@conservice.com; jon@trachta-law.com; kastre@earthlink.net; Kenneth.Hetge@aviationcapital.com; k-fuller@earthlink.net; KKundig@cda.copper.org; klebo@bak.rr.com; KPatzke@aol.com; lacholla@prodigy.net; Martin@mha-aviation.com; mfoutch@juno.com; NiftyYak50@msn.com; nreidhead@reidheadlaw.com; nursegramy@yahoo.com; oreilly@foxnews.com; president@whitehouse.gov; rkw@pipeline.com; sonoranmary@yahoo.com; ThrotleBac@aol.com; Tomlandryceo@cs.com; vlebo@bak.rr.com; wes8ruth@yahoo.com
Subject:	[*] Our Duty As Citizens

 

 

SOCIAL SECURITY WILL BE AN ISSUE IN 2008

WHY WAIT UNTIL 2008?  THERE IS AN ELECTION IN 2006.  I HEREWITH FIRMLY STATE THAT I WILL NOT VOTE FOR ANY POLITICIAN, REGARDLESS OF THE OTHER ISSUES, IF HE DOES NOT SPONSOR AND SUPPORT THE FOLLOWING LEGISLATION. THAT INCLUDES EVERYONE STANDING FOR ELECTION IN 2006.      

                    
 LET US SHOW OUR LEADERS IN WASHINGTON "PEOPLE POWER" AND THE POWER OF THE INTERNET.  LET ME KNOW IF YOU ARE WITH ME ON THIS BY FORWARDING TO EVERYONE IN YOUR ADDRESS BOOK!!                                          
                                                                           
                                                                           
IT DOESN'T MATTER IF YOU ARE REPUBLICAN OR DEMOCRAT!           
                                                                           
                                                                           
                                                                           
                                              KEEP IT GOING!!!!                             
                                                                           
                                                                           
                                                                           
           A 2008 Election Issue!!                           
                                                                           
GET A BILL STARTED TO PLACE ALL POLITICIANS ON SOCIAL SECURITY!        
                                                                           
                                                                           
           This must be an issue in "2008" Please! Keep it going.          
                                                                           
                     ----------------------------------                    
                                                                           
                              SOCIAL SECURITY:                             
                                                                           
           (This is worth reading. It is short and to the point.)          
                                                                           
      Perhaps we are asking the wrong questions during election years.     
                                                                           
   Our Senators and Congresswomen do not pay into Social Security and, of   
   course, they do not collect from it.                   
                                                                           
  You see, Social Security benefits were not suitable for persons of their  
  rare elevation in society. They felt they should have a special plan for  
    themselves. So, many years ago they voted in their own benefit plan.    
                                                                           
  In more recent years, no congressperson has felt the need to change it.   
  After all, it is a great plan.                      
                                                                           
 For all practical purposes their plan works like this:          
                                                                           
When they retire, they continue to draw the same pay until they die.    
                                                                           
 Except it may increase from time to time for cost of living adjustments.. 
                                                                           
 For example, Senator Byrd and Congressman White and their wives may expect 
 to draw $7,800,000.00 (that's Seven Million, Eight-Hundred Thousand    
 Dollars), with their wives drawing $275, 000.00 during the last years of  
 their lives.                               
                                                                           
This is calculated on an average life span for each of those two Dignitaries.                               
                                                                           
                                                                           
Younger Dignitaries who retire at an early age, will receive much more   
during the rest of their lives.                      
                                                                           
 Their cost for this excellent plan is $0.00. NADA..! ZILCH...       
                                                                           
 This little perk they voted for themselves is free to them. You and I pick 
 up the tab for this plan. The funds for this fine retirement plan come   
 directly from the General Funds;                     
                                                                           
                        "OUR TAX DOLLARS AT WORK "!                        
                                                                           
   From our own Social Security Plan, which you and I pay (or have paid)    
   into, every payday until we retire (which amount is matched by our    
   employer). we can expect to get an average of $1,000 per month after    
   retirement.                                
                                                                           
 Or, in other words, we would have to collect our average of $1,000 monthly 
  benefits for 68 years and one (1) month to equal Senator! Bill Bradley's 
  benefits!                                 
                                                                           
                                                                           
                                                                           
                                                                           
   Social Security could be very good if only one small change were made.   
                                                                           
  That change would be to:  

                                                                  
   Jerk the Golden Fleece Retirement Plan from under the Senators and     
  Congressmen. Put them into the Social Security plan with the rest of us   
                                                                           
                                                                           
                             then sit back.....                            
                                                                           
                                                                           
                    and see how fast they would fix it.                    
                                                                           
  If enough people receive this info, maybe a seed of awareness will be planted  
  and maybe good changes will evolve.                    
                                                                           
                                                                           
  How many people CAN you send this to?  WE, AS CITIZENS HAVE A DUTY TO CORRECT THESE INEQUALITIES!!  

             
                                                                           


From:	J. Jeffrey Lane <res0cc5p@verizon.net>
Sent:	Monday, July 10, 2006 1:08 PM
To:	speaker@myfloridahouse.gov; lee.tom.web@flsenate.gov; Governor Jeb Bush; Rice, Everett; jones.dennis.web@flsenate.gov
Subject:	[*] The insurance industry is "going to drive commercial enterprises out of certain areas in this country," ie FLORIDA
Attachments:	compressed_head.gif; wj00g02.gif; g.gif; Home_normal.gif; News_normal.gif; Technology_normal.gif; Markets_normal.gif; PersonalJournal_normal.gif; WeekendLeisure_normal.gif; Opinion_normal.gif; b.gif; h-e-icon-l-adj.gif; email_text.gif; printIcon.gif; print_text.gif; most_popular.gif; HC-GI310_McComi_20060709173641.gif; P1-AF184_Shorta_20060709195217.gif; P1-AF185_Shorta_20060709190417.gif; h-e-icon-l.gif; h-e-text-l.gif; printText.gif; most_popular_und.gif; reprintsIcon.gif; reprintsText.gif; clickability_vert_line.gif; Toshiba-logo-230x33.gif; wj00g18.gif; noscript.gif; noscript.gif

WSJ.com - As Hurricane Season Begins, Disaster Insurance Runs Short
 Article Search
  
  Quotes & Research
            
         
            As of Monday, July 10, 2006          
           
     
     






                  Site Highlights 
                        New Journal Podcasts
                        Listen to daily and weekly podcasts to get the latest news on personal finance, technology, business and much more! See a complete lineup.
                            
                 
             

            Dow Jones Sites
             . StartupJournal
             . OpinionJournal
             . CollegeJournal
             . CareerJournal
             . RealEstateJournal
             . MarketWatch
             . Barron's Online
            Advertiser Links
            Featured Advertiser 
            Accenture Presents
            "High Performance"
            A Special Ad Section. Click Here ... Manage Your Software Assets 
            DWS Scudder is here. 
            Boardroom Connection 
            New HP Workstations for Financial Markets 
            NASDAQ Presents "QQQ" Diversify your portfolio 
            Work anywhere, anytime. Simdesk lets you securely. 
            CIGNA presents an archive of WSJ health-care articles. 
            Porsche Presents: An archive of articles from the Online Journal. 
            Work anywhere, anytime. Simdesk lets you securely. Free trial at simdesk.com/signup 
            Supply Chains. Synchronized. Solutions From UPS. 
            Order free annual reports on select companies. 
              
        
            PAGE ONE  
            
     
              
                           
                       
                       
                       
                 

            advertisement
                  TODAY'S MOST POPULAR  
                 
                 
                  . Lawsuits Fly Over Google Founders' Plane 
                  . 'Pirates' Plunders Box Office 
                  . Before Rushing to Convert an IRA, Read This 
                  . The Great Giveaway 
                  . Saudi Arabia Tests Ability to Unlock Heavy Oil 

            COMPANIES
            Dow Jones, Reuters
            Pinnacle Entertainment Inc. (PNK)
                 PRICE
                  CHANGE
                 29.85
                  0.53
                  12:38a.m. 

             

            Wal-Mart Stores Inc. (WMT)
                 PRICE
                  CHANGE
                 46.28
                  0.28
                  12:41a.m. 

             

            Berkshire Hathaway Inc. Cl A (BRKA)
                 PRICE
                  CHANGE
                 90,900.00
                  700.00
                  12:35a.m. 

             

            Marsh McLennan Cos. (MMC)
                 PRICE
                  CHANGE
                 26.62
                  -0.04
                  12:41a.m. 

             

            Benfield Group Ltd. (BFD.LN)
                 PRICE
                  CHANGE
                 361.50
                  7.00
                  11:35a.m. 

             

            Allstate Corp. (ALL)
                 PRICE
                  CHANGE
                 55.85
                  0.82
                  12:41a.m. 

             

            Harrah's Entertainment Inc. (HET)
                 PRICE
                  CHANGE
                 66.94
                  0.24
                  12:41a.m. 

             

            * At Market Close
            RELATED INDUSTRIES
            . Financial Services & Insurance 
                 
                 Personalized Home Page Setup 
                 Put headlines on your homepage about the companies, industries and topics that interest you most.  
                 
                 
           
      Storm Damage
      As Hurricane Season Begins,
      Disaster Insurance Runs Short

      Price Increases by Reinsurers
      Pass Down to Consumers; 
      Wal-Mart Covers Itself
      Warren Buffett Makes a Bet
      By LIAM PLEVEN, IAN MCDONALD and KAREN RICHARDSON
      July 10, 2006; Page A1

      Last year's violent hurricanes continue to roil a vital corner of the insurance industry: Demand for disaster coverage is far outstripping supply, and the consequences are rippling through the economy.

      The crunch isn't coming just because companies and individuals are buying more insurance. Insurers themselves, anticipating future destructive storms, are trying to buy more coverage on the policies they write -- a crucial segment of the business known as reinsurance. But reinsurers, which also paid out billions last year, are wary of getting hit hard again and have raised their rates substantially. Businesses and homeowners are paying the price.

       
      In late January, a private-equity fund called First Reserve Corp. discovered firsthand how much the market has changed. The Greenwich, Conn., firm wanted to buy an oil-and-gas platform in the Gulf of Mexico. During a conference call with colleagues in Houston, the fund's executives learned that insuring the project would cost about $25 million a year, not the $2 million they'd expected.

      "That kind of shut the room up," says Mark McComiskey, a managing director at First Reserve. The firm decided to kill the deal.

      In the wake of Hurricane Katrina, billions of dollars poured into the insurance industry from investors hoping to profit from rising premiums. After hard hurricane seasons, such cash influxes often buoy insurers and help stabilize premiums.

      But this time, the new capital was insufficient to soak up the increase in demand. "There's just this loud sucking sound in the market now," says J.C. Sparling, an executive vice president at Mercator Risk Services Inc., an insurance brokerage.

      Disaster-insurance rates have risen so sharply that businesses with exposure to hurricanes are canceling projects, paying more for whatever coverage they can get, and in some cases, going without insurance altogether.

      CDC Publishing LLC, a Vero Beach, Fla., firm that publishes construction-industry data, says it's spending 12 times as much for hurricane insurance as it did last year. Pinnacle Entertainment Inc., a Las Vegas-based hotel and gaming firm, cut its weather-catastrophe coverage from $400 million to $100 million after suffering extensive damage at a Biloxi, Miss., casino last year.

      And Wal-Mart Stores Inc. said in May it would drop its coverage for severe windstorms because it had become too expensive. Instead, the retailer will cover losses from such storms out of its own pocket.

      Some insurance players are stepping into the void. Hedge funds and private-equity firms are pouring billions of dollars into new and risky investment vehicles that provide capital to back coverage for specific risks. In addition, Warren Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway Inc. seems to be betting big on reinsurance even as other investors pull back.

      "If you like to watch football, you probably enjoy the game a little more if you have a bet on it," says Mr. Buffett. "I like to watch the Weather Channel."

       
      After last season's devastating hurricanes, companies that predict the cost of storms rolled out new computer programs that foretold a mounting toll from future hurricanes. In addition, rating services such as A.M. Best Co. Inc. changed their approaches to judging the financial strength of insurers that write catastrophe policies. As a result, many insurers have to keep more cash in reserve to back up their policies.

      After seven costly hurricanes in two years, insurers also are questioning how much risk they want to take in vulnerable coastal areas. The shortage of available coverage is particularly acute in the reinsurance sector, where insurers buy coverage against the policies they write. Hurricane Katrina caused nearly $40 billion in insured losses, and reinsurers covered more than half that total, according to Guy Carpenter & Co., a reinsurance brokerage unit of Marsh & McLennan Cos.

      The cost of property-catastrophe reinsurance is projected to rise 25% this year, according to Robert Hartwig, chief economist at the Insurance Information Institute, a trade group. In hurricane-prone areas, rates are rising as much as fourfold, he says.

      "There have been times where no matter what the price was, we've had a difficult time finding the [coverage] we need," says Dee Megna, the vice chairman of Guy Carpenter. "It's similar to the situation we saw post-Hurricane Andrew in 1993 and post-9/11, but this is actually worse than those two."

      The depth of the shortage has taken the industry by surprise in recent months. Paul Karon, chief executive of Benfield Inc., a U.S. reinsurance broker owned by the United Kingdom's Benfield Group Ltd., says prices for renewals rose about 25% on average on Jan. 1. By contrast, he said, June 1 prices doubled compared with the year earlier.

      Allstate Corp., one of the nation's largest property insurers, bought significantly more catastrophe reinsurance than it had in the past. In last year's third quarter, the company registered a $1.55 billion hurricane-related loss. Earlier this year, it paid $400 million for $2 billion worth of reinsurance coverage for losses from hurricanes and other catastrophes.

      Last year, U.S.-based insurers purchased about $37.5 billion in catastrophe reinsurance coverage, according to Benfield. This year, they will buy about $47.5 billion worth, a 27% increase, the firm says.

      Allstate is aware that such coverage is getting harder to find. Referring to its deal earlier this year, Michael Trevino, a company spokesman, says: "I would guess we couldn't get it today."

      There are many indications that Mr. Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway, which had $115.5 billion in cash and invested assets on hand at the end of March, is stepping into the fray. Berkshire boasts rare and coveted top ratings from services such as A.M. Best, Standard & Poor's, and Moody's.

      The company's exact commitment to the hurricane business can't be learned, but people familiar with Berkshire's business say it's writing more reinsurance on oil rigs than in previous years. In addition, others in the insurance industry say they've noticed the company's increased presence.

      "They were more active with us in the U.S. than they've ever been," says Mr. Karon of Benfield.

      Mr. Buffett declined to comment specifically on how much Berkshire is underwriting. In his latest annual letter to shareholders, Mr. Buffett said he was willing to take on billions of dollars in risk if he got paid enough.

      "If prices seem appropriate, however, we continue to have both the ability and the appetite to be the largest writer of mega-cat coverage in the world," he said.

      One indication of Berkshire's activity: Berkshire Hathaway Reinsurance Group reported a 19% increase in the premiums it receives for writing catastrophe reinsurance in the first quarter, to $425 million. That increase follows a 22% increase in the previous quarter, compared with a year earlier.

       
      Berkshire also sells insurance directly to businesses. Harrah's Entertainment Inc. went to Berkshire directly last December when it was facing a shortfall in coverage from other insurers after suffering big hurricane damage.

      "They were one of the very few who were able to take a lead, primary position on an account such as ours," says Lance Ewing, risk manager for the company.

      The reinsurance business is also getting a helping hand from Wall Street. Some firms are using a financial vehicle known as a sidecar. With sidecars, investors -- often hedge funds -- provide capital to back coverage for very specific risks, such as damage to gas rigs or Florida homes. Investing in a reinsurance company exposes investors to all kinds of insurance risks; a sidecar allows them to be more choosy.

      If disaster strikes, the capital is tapped. If not, investors get their money back, plus premiums paid by policy holders. Benfield set up a sidecar with partners that raised about $310 million, which backs up policies it has taken on. Since Katrina, investors have sunk more than $3.2 billion into sidecars.

      "You're betting on three months of weather, and then you're out," says Mr. Karon.

      Benfield's sidecar proved very useful to Dale Hammond's company. His Homewise Insurance Group of Tampa, Fla., insures about 35,000 homes in Florida, largely against hurricane damage. The sidecar made possible 17.5% of the reinsurance the company wanted. "It was a good, creative solution using the financial markets," says Mr. Hammond.

      Another, more-established route is catastrophe bonds. Investors get their cash back and an allotted return -- these days in excess of 10% -- if storms don't hit at a certain place and time. If a storm hits and losses rise above a stipulated level, insurers can tap investors' money to pay off claims. Insurers have raised about $2 billion so far this year through catastrophe bonds, as much as in all of 2005.

      While creative, none of these solutions can keep up with demand. On May 9, an Atlanta, Ga., insurer, RSUI Group Inc., a part of Alleghany Insurance Holdings LLC, told agents it had not bought all the reinsurance it wanted. As a result, it wouldn't offer new hurricane insurance along the coast between North Carolina and East Texas, with a few exceptions.

      Homeowners have had similar experiences in places like Florida, but individuals in many states have a backstop. In Florida, they can buy insurance from Citizens Property Insurance Corp., a state-created insurer of last resort that sells coverage to individuals who can't find it elsewhere.

      For companies, on the other hand, the crunch could get costly. Wal-Mart's chief financial officer, Tom Schoewe, told analysts in May that storm coverage offered to the mammoth retailer this year was "substantially more limited and higher-priced" than previously.

      Mr. Schoewe said buying coverage "did not make sense for Wal-Mart." Instead, the retailer is insuring itself. Wal-Mart wasn't specific about how it would do that -- and a spokesman declined further comment -- but typical options include paying for damage out of pocket or setting up its own insurance business.

      If Wal-Mart had self-insured during its financial year ended January 31, 2005, that would have cost the company two cents in earnings per share, due to that year's storms. In fiscal 2006, the impact would have been four cents, according to Mr. Schoewe. That would have cut the company's net income by an estimated $168 million, or 1.5%, according to investment bank Goldman Sachs Group Inc.

      Casino-operator Pinnacle Entertainment is taking risks beyond cards and roulette. After Hurricane Katrina, the company's Biloxi casino barge was found several hundred feet from the water on the other side of a highway, according to company disclosures at the time. Back then, Pinnacle had $400 million in coverage per storm, according to regulatory filings. Last month, the company told shareholders that due to tighter supply and higher rates, effective April 1 it has only $100 million per storm in weather-catastrophe coverage.

      "It is unlikely that Pinnacle will obtain any additional coverage covering these risks this year," the company said in a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. A spokeswoman declines to comment.

      The insurance industry is "going to drive commercial enterprises out of certain areas in this country," says Bill Black, president of CDC Publishing, which has three offices in Florida.

      Last year, the company paid $10,000 in premiums for hurricane and business-interruption coverage. This spring, the premiums went up to $120,000. Another jump of a similar magnitude, Mr. Black says, could force him to consider relocating his Florida offices.

      --Kris Hudson and Jon E. Hilsenrath contributed to this report.

      Write to Liam Pleven at liam.pleven@wsj.com, Ian McDonald at ian.mcdonald@wsj.com and Karen Richardson at karen.richardson@awsj.com

                      
           
           Sponsored by  
           

           

        

      Return To Top  
     
     
       
            Email Setup   Customer Service: | 
            
        News Licensing   Advertising   About Dow Jones 
     
  
From:	Sutphin, Glenn LTC (Ret) FL-ARNG <glenn.sutphin@us.army.mil>
Sent:	Monday, July 10, 2006 12:28 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	[*] FW: Adolfo Houston ...Funeral Services

Sir,

 

We are still assisting Mrs. Houston and will do so until the final review. This is still a Title 10 (Active Army) issue.

 

VR,

Glenn

 

-----Original Message-----
From: SANDRA HOUSTON [mailto:sandrahouston741@hotmail.com] 
Sent: Wednesday, June 28, 2006 11:22 AM
To: Sutphin, Glenn LTC (Ret) FL-ARNG
Subject: RE: Adolfo Houston ...Funeral Services

 

thank you for allways responds to me and thank you also Governor Bush.  There is a LOT OF ISSUES that I need to address to the proper person.  Please give me an appointment to talk to you personally, I know you will help as you did before...

Best Regards,

Very Sad Mother






 


 


Mail to:  sandrahouston741@hotmail.com


 



  _____  


From: "Sutphin, Glenn LTC (Ret) FL-ARNG" <glenn.sutphin@us.army.mil>
To: "SANDRA HOUSTON" <sandrahouston741@hotmail.com>
Subject: RE: Adolfo Houston ...Funeral Services
Date: Mon, 26 Jun 2006 09:27:19 -0400

I am very sorry to hear of the loss of Adolfo. I had spoken to his command a number of times and expressed our concern for his welfare, they assured me that they were watching all the issues and were on top of his health issues. I will inform the Governor of this very sad situation, as I had told you the Governor had no authority in Title 10 issues but that we would put all the pressure on the Active Army possible. I will call his command and continue to find out the full story. Again please accept my sincere condolences. 

 

VR,

Glenn Sutphin

 

-----Original Message-----
From: SANDRA HOUSTON [mailto:sandrahouston741@hotmail.com] 
Sent: Saturday, June 24, 2006 10:34 AM
To: Sutphin, Glenn LTC (Ret) FL-ARNG
Subject: Adolfo Houston ...Funeral Services

 

 Will be held on Sunday June 25 at Funeraria Bernardo Garcia at 82 Ave and 40 St , South West.. 

For any questions please call at 786-357-7338 or 786-417-3854...

LTC Sutphin, remember this?


From: "Sutphin, Glenn LTC (Ret) FL-ARNG" <glenn.sutphin@us.army.mil> 
Date: May 26, 2006 9:10:22 AM CDT 
To: MailScanner has detected a possible fraud attempt from "by106fd.bay106.hotmail.msn.com" claiming to be estevan1@mac.com 
Subject: E-mail to Governor Bush 

Good morning, 
  
I am Glenn Sutphin, Legislative Director, Department of Military Affairs. Governor Bush has asked me to see where we can assist your son. Please either contact me at (850)414-9049 or send me a contact number. 
  
VR, 
Glenn Sutphin  

-----Original Message----- 
From: ADOLFO HOUSTON [MailScanner has detected a possible fraud attempt from "by106fd.bay106.hotmail.msn.com" claiming to be mailto:estevan1@mac.com] 
Sent: Wednesday, May  24, 2006 11:27 PM 
To: Governor Jeb  Bush 
Subject: THANK YOU FOR YOUR TIME 
HI, MY NAME IS SANDRA HOUSTON MOTHER OF SPC HOUSTON WHO IS CURRENTLY SERVING IN THE US ARMY A CO BSTB ICD. I AM WRITING YOU BECAUSE MY SON HAS BEEN A TARGET OF ABUSIVE POWER BY HIS FIRST SERGEANT AND HIS CHAIN OF COMMAND BECAUSE OF HIS MEDICAL PROFILE. HE IS BEING SINGLED OUT AND RIDICULED AND GIVEN A HARD TIME. WHEN MY SON WAS DEPLOYED IN IRAQ HE SAW SOME HORRIFIC THINGS THAT NOT EVERYBODY IN HIS UNIT GOT A CHANCE TO SEE! SO AFTER DEPLOYMENT WHEN HE GOT BACK TO THE STATES HIS DOCTOR DIAGNOSED HIM WITH COMBAT STRESS SYNDROME AND CHRONIC SLEEPING DISORDER {INSOMNIA} SO HIS DOCTOR HAS GIVEN HIM THE RIGHT PRESCRIPTION AND PROFILE FOR HIS MEDICAL SYMPTOMS. HIS COMPANY STILL TREATS HIM LIKE IF IT WAS HIS FAULT THAT HE EXPERIENCED WHILE IN IRAQ AND ALSO BLAME HIM FOR HIS MEDICAL CONDITION! LIKE IF HE ASKED FOR THE TRAUMA JUST LAST WEEK THE FIRST SERGEANT MADE HIM BREAK HIS MEDICAL PROFILE, SO DURING THE NEXT VISIT WITH THE DOCTOR HE EXPLAINED TO HIM WHAT HAD HAPPENED AND SURELY THE DOCTOR CONTACTED THE COMPANY AND HAD A FEW HARSH WORDS WITH THE COMMANDER. SO IN RETALIATION THE COMPANY HAS BEEN GIVING HIM A HARD TIME, THEY MAKE UP ANY KIND OF EXCUSE TO GIVE HIM CORRECTIVE TRAINING AND THREATENING TO KICK HIM OUT OF THE ARMY! AND FOR WHAT? I DO NOT KNOW. MY SON JUST RECENTLY HAD A DIVORCE BECAUSE OF HIS MEDICAL CONDITION, BUT WHILE DIVORCING HE KEPT ALL THE PROPERTY APARTMENT, FURNITURE, ETC, BUT NOW HIS CHAIN OF COMMAND IS TRYING TO PUNISH HIM BY MOVING BACK IN THE BARRACKS AND THEY TELL HIM THAT THEY HYPOCRITICALLY TRYING TO HELP HIM WHEN HE STILL HAS TWO BEDROOM SETS, DINING ROOM SET, LIVING ROOM SET AND MORE. INSTEAD OF HELPING HIM, THEY ARE JUST FUELING HIS STRESS AND MAKING HIS CONDITIONS WORST! I THOUGHT THAT LEADERS WERE SUPPOSE TO LOOK AFTER THEIR SOLDIERS NOT TRYING TO MAKE THINGS WORST. INJUSTICE ANYWHERE IS A THREAT TO JUSTICE EVERYWHERE, AND WHAT AFFECT ONE DIRECTLY AFFECTS US ALL INDIRECTLY. PLEASE I HOPE TO SEE SOME RESULTS. THANK YOU GOVERNOR FOR YOUR TIME I KNOW YOU ARE A BUSY MAN. 

  
SANDRA HOUSTON 
  



 


Mail to:  sandrahouston741@hotmail.com


 






  _____  


Anna Kournikova, Eva Longoria, Brad Paisley and others share their favorite places 

 




  _____  

Anna Kournikova, Eva Longoria, Brad Paisley and others share their favorite places 

From:	RMcphe8888@aol.com
Sent:	Monday, July 10, 2006 12:19 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Cc:	RMcphe8888@aol.com
Subject:	Water & life goes hand in hand. To make a difference? Richard 949-677-5389

World Ecosystems and Dipetane™ Treated Fuels

By

Richard McPherson

 

Every day the world consumes about 85 million barrels of crude oil.  About 66 percent of the oil becomes distillate (diesel fuel & home heating oil) and gasoline fuels for airplanes, vehicles, locomotives, electricity production, home heating, defense, tractors, construction equipment and marine vessels.

 

We read about one green house gas, Carbon Dioxide (CO2) causing global warming.  For each gallon of distillate fuel burned about 22 pounds of CO2 is created.  For each gallon of gasoline burned about 19 pounds of CO2 is created.  

 

Annually, burning distillate fuels and gasoline creates over 8.5 billion tons of CO2 that enters our earth’s atmosphere.  That CO2 falls onto the surface of earth, of which water makes up about 71 percent.  By using Dipetane™ treated distillate fuels and gasoline about 1.1 billion tons of the green house gas CO2 would not be entering our earth’s atmosphere.

 

What we do not read about is marine biologists knowing that coral and other marine life is threatened by chemical changes from carbon dioxide dissolving into the oceans, thereby making them more acidic.  The rate of coral calcification will decrease as our oceans become more acidic. That means coral organisms will grow more slowly and become less dense, influencing the already slow process of coral formation, which may not be able to regenerate as fast as the natural erosion by tides and weather wearing away our reefs.  This leads to increasing shore and wetland erosion.  Wetlands are critical to the ocean’s abundance of food.

 

Approximately 2.0 million cubic miles of fresh water is stored inside the earth.  The majority of our earth’s fresh water is approximately 7.0 million cubic miles of fresh water found in glaciers and icecaps.  Only 60,000 cubic miles of fresh water is surface water found in lakes, inland seas, and rivers.  This may seem like an immense amount of water, but burning fossil fuels, deforestation, agriculture, and man’s activities is affecting the quality of the water needed to sustain life.  Fresh water wetlands are a necessary part of the world’s ecosystems.

 

As part of an every day naturally occurring process, about 280 cubic miles of water naturally evaporate or transpire into our earth’s atmosphere.

 

In the United States we use over 410 billion gallons of water every day.  The uses are broken down as follows:

 

·        Electricity production 48%

·        Crop irrigation 34%

·        Public including our drinking water 11%

·        Industrial 5%

·        Livestock watering and mining 3%

 

The United States consumes about 5% of a cubic mile of water daily, or 18 cubic miles of water annually.  What people choose to do can have a damaging impact on the world’s water supply.

 

Earlier this year, I was invited to talk about the future of energy and water with people organizing the United Nations “Decade of Water” which will be announced early in 2005.  www.un.org/esa/sustdev/sdissues/water/water.htm

 

For our life to exist, water, energy and agriculture are forever linked.  While we continue to make incremental improvements in efficiency, they may not be adequate to head off the unintended consequences of drought, global warming, flooding and loss of land.  Additionally, our earth’s finite fossil fuel reserves (oil, gas and coal) are too valuable to keep burning.  

 

American farmers lessons learned from the dust bowls of the 1930’s have made the United States the world leader in no till farming to increase crop production, while lowering the use of herbicides and pesticides.  Agriculture and our earth’s water ecosystems are man’s best hope to survive.

 

The fastest and most economical way to slow the rate of depletion of oil, and lower emissions, is by everyone in the world that use oil as fuel, to began using only Dipetane™ treated fuels.

 

There is increasing talk in the media about growing oil seed crops to produce biodiesel.  There are two major problems with biodiesel.  First, using biodiesel increases the nitrogen oxides (NOx) - a precursor to SMOG, and second, biodiesel has less heat energy than the diesel fuel it replaces so more fuel has to be transported, thereby increasing oil consumption and emissions.

 

Both of the problems encountered by using biodiesel have been solved by Mr. Ted Brown in Ventura County, California.  In 2001, I received a call from Mr. Brown asking me to visit him.  He had combined 100 percent quality virgin soy oil based biodiesel with a blend of Dipetane™ (BLN 202) and found NOx was reduced and an increase in power occurred that was greater than by using regular diesel fuel.  He branded the fuel BIOSOY LOWNOX™.  In August 2002, Mr. Brown in Santa Barbara, California opened the world’s first BIOSOY LOWNOX™ station.  www.brownoil.com  Mr. Brown’s work is a great example of combining one man’s American ingenuity with a technology brought from Ireland (Dipetane™) and demonstrating what can be done to conserve oil, use sustainable agricultural products and reduce emissions economically to help protect our earths air and water ecosystems.

 

Following the 1973 World Wide Oil Embargo, Dipetane™ was invented in Ireland to reduce the need for importing oil.  www.dipetane.com  As with new technologies, many times there are unintended consequences, some good some bad.  In the case of Dipetane™ it’s all good.  The world’s two longest users of only Dipetane™ treated fuels are the Coca Cola truck fleet since 1989, Irish Army since 1993, along with John Kelly Oil and Tedcastles Oil Products in Ireland.

 

A lawyer contacted me in 1998, to evaluate Dipetane™, in hopes of reducing our demand for importing oil, lower emissions and reduce America’s foreign trade deficit.  What I found was an amazing technology that accomplished all three.  Today there are well over 200 million miles on Dipetane™ treated fuels, including more miles driven every day in North America.  www.dipetaneusa.com

 

Southern California took the lead.  Dr. Flemming, Superintendent of Capistrano Unified School District, was the visionary in 2004 that ordered his fleet of 200 plus school buses to start using Dipetane™ treated Ultra Low Sulfur Diesel (ULSD) fuel.  In only a few months his fleet was enjoying a 13% increase in fuel mileage, at an annual savings of $60,000 for taxpayers, which Dr. Flemming reported in a letter to students, parents, and faculty on October 15, 2004. Dipetane™ treated fuels are now in use by school districts in California and Arizona.

 

Mr. Ted Brown introduced Dipetane™ to another visionary leader in Captain Jon Belchere owner of TracTide Marine, the fueling facility at Port Hueneme, in Ventura County.  Today, Port Hueneme stands out as the most environmentally friendly port in the world - the perfect model of public-private cooperation.  Every port in the world should emulate what has been done at Port Hueneme to conserve oil and reduce pollution of our earth’s air and water ecosystem.  Captain Belchere, also a life-long waterman, knows first hand pollution effects on our ocean.

 

Here is an example of what could have been done this year for our world’s ecosystems, while conserving our world’s finite resource oil simply by using Dipetane™ treated distillate fuels and gasoline.  Reduced emissions could have been:

 

·        Particulates by 288,763 tons

·        Sulfur Dioxide (SOX) by 259,461 tons

·        Nitrogen Oxides (NOX) by 4,332,705 tons

·        VOC’s by 3,516,625 tons

·        Carbon Monoxide (CO) by 69,018,918 tons

·        Carbon Dioxide (CO2) by 258,910,000 tons

 

At the same time, the United States would have conserved approximately 601 million barrels of foreign oil, reducing the need to import over 1.6 million barrels daily, and saving Americans over $30 billion.  Less ships calling on US Ports also means less air and water pollution.

 

After Americans spent hundreds of billions of dollars in the name of “Cleaning up the Air for Better Health” only to now discover people in 24 other countries are enjoying a longer life-expectancy than we do - it’s past time to reassess how taxpayers funds are being spent.  Departments of our government have an obligation to taxpayers whose funds they disburse to always be working to find and employ better and less expensive ways to provide services, security, environment and potable water for the American people.  Why some choose to find ways to avoid employing better and less expensive ways to accomplish better serving the American people is something Americans should be asking of their elected representatives.

 

Our Oceans help sustain life to over 50% of the world’s 6.0 billion people. Overall, 1 billion people rely on fish as their primary source of protein.  Each year an estimated 44 billion pounds of fish are wasted – 25 percent of the entire world commercial catch.  That is over 120 million pounds a day which could be feeding about 50 million people.  The United Nations states: “1.2 billion people live on less than $1 per day; 800 million people go to bed hungry every day, and more than 6 million children under five die each year from malnutrition.”  Feed and save those 6 million children and that would still leave enough fish to feed an additional 40 million people.  Wetlands help the world’s marine life flourish as a source of food.  Better use of our finite resources, while protecting our ecosystems, can feed and provide potable water to the world.

 

Every day, more people around the world choose Dipetane™ treated fuels.  Each person using Dipetane™ treated fuels is doing their part to help feed people and save planet earth.

 

www.dipetaneusa.com

 

From:	Rockpeters@aol.com
Sent:	Monday, July 10, 2006 12:15 PM
To:	o'reilly@foxnews.com; hannity@foxnews.com; radiofactor@foxnews.com; foxnewsradio@foxnews.com; foxreport@foxnews.com; Fatherjonathan@foxnews.com; mcintyre@kabc.com; mgk@cbsnews.com; cmrussell@cbs.com; james.grisham@abcnews.com; JER@foxnews.com; jill.x.vitale@abc.com; bruce.anderson@abc.com; buzz@moveamericaforward.org; cavuto@foxnews.com; colmes@foxnews.com; comments@foxnews.com; comments@whitehouse.gov; david.perozzi@abc.com; desk@fox5newsny.com; desk@fox5ny.com; Feedback@foxnews.com; fns@foxnews.com; fredbarnes@foxnews.com; gary@jewishweek.org; Gwgsunsetbay@aol.com; heartland@foxnews.com; Governor Jeb Bush; john.a.phillips@abc.com; jon@numbersusa.com; letters@nypost; Marc@JewishWeek.org; matthew.alexander@foxnews.com; media@minutemanehq.com; myword@foxnews.com; mzuckerman@bostonproperties.com; mzuckerman@nydailynews.edit.com; netaudr@abc.com; newswatch@foxnews.com; Ontherecord@foxnews.com; postmaster@foxnews.com; postmaster@cbs.com; postmaster@jewishweek.org; rob@jewishweek.org; roy@numbersusa.com; Rockpeters@aol.com; seanhannity@abc.com; smith@foxnews.com; specialreport@foxnews.com; vice_president@whitehouse.gov; Jataibi@aol.com; rabbispero@yahoo.com
Subject:	D-Day NY Times Protest
Attachments:	ONLY FLYERS ATTACHED

350 West 57th St.                                                           July 10, 2006
Apt. 15E
NY, NY 10019
 
In June, 2006 The NY Times made public a US Government anti-terrorist program that was monitoring and tracking large international bank transactions, to people with suspected ties to al-Qaeda.
 
The NY Times went ahead and published this formerly Classified National Security secret, even though asked not to by the White House. The White House told the Times, making public, this crucial and highly successful anti-terrorist program, would greatly damage the program's effectiveness and our nation's ability to defend itself against future terror attacks. Tracking the finances of terrorist organizations is one of the best tools we have in the war on terrorism.
 
The successes of this FORMERLY secret anti-terrorist bank monitoring system include the arrest of Riduan Isamuddin (mastermind of the Bali resort bombing) and the conviction of the Muslim terrorist Uzair Paracha,who was living in Brooklyn, and laundering money for al-Qaeda through a Karachi bank.
 
Maybe the NY Times would like to publish a map of the NY City Subway system for al-Qaeda? Join us at this pro-AMERICA rally!
 
Rock Peters
member of NYICE
(917) 517.2749
From:	hml4reel@aol.com
Sent:	Monday, July 10, 2006 12:13 PM
To:	j.p.milam@saj02.usace.army.mil
Cc:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	[*] Water Management

Attention:
Project Manager Pete Milam
US Army Corps of Engineers
 
Govenor Jeb Bush
 
RE:
July 12th Public Hearing on plans for water releases
Lee County Commission Chambers
Fort Myers
 
 
As I will be unable to personally attend this public meeting in Fort Myers on July 12th, I would like to express my adamant concerns regarding your 3 year plan for water releases from Lake Okeechobee.  While the proposed plan focuses solely on health of Lake Okeechobee, it comes at the extreme expense, and virtually ignores the negative impacts to the Caloosahatchee River, area estuaries and the Gulf in Southwest Florida!!
 
The Army Corps has already acknowledged that the current lake management plan has caused damage to the estuaries. I believe the Army's new "improved" plan would be even more devastating to the region’s water quality.
 
Specifically the "tentatively selected plan" will NOT work and MUST be changed to:
• Better protect estuaries 
• Include the health of estuaries in day-to-day management decisions
• More equitably plan for discharges in multiple directions—not just targeting the Caloosahatchee River
 
The impact of not changing and improving the current selective plan will have devastating negative consequences to our cherished wildlife, ecological balance and Florida's economy as a result of harming our most important industry - TOURISM!!  Already, scores of visitors have left due to increasing occurrences and severity of RED TIDE affecting our beaches!!  We need to protect our beaches, sea life and tourists!!  
 
A better plan is required!!  That's YOUR jobs!!  
 
Howard Lorsch
Sanibel Island, Florida
 
  _____  

MailScanner has detected a possible fraud attempt from "pr.atwola.com" claiming to be Check out AOL.com today. Breaking news, video search, pictures, email and IM. All on demand. Always Free.

From:	Vicki.Morrison@dca.state.fl.us
Sent:	Monday, July 10, 2006 12:11 PM
To:	ljsjjb12@yahoo.com
Cc:	Governor Jeb Bush; Rick.Dixon@dca.state.fl.us; Bruce.Ketcham@dca.state.fl.us
Subject:	Your email to Governor Bush


Dear Laura and John: 

Thank you for your email to Governor Bush dated June 22 requesting guidance concerning various hurricane related products to purchase for your home. By copy of this email I am requesting that staff in the Department's Office of Building Codes and Standards address your concerns. You may also wish to visit its website, www.floridabuilding.org. 

Please let me know if you have additional questions. 

Vicki Morrison, Outreach Support
Department of Community Affairs
Office of Public Affairs
2555 Shumard Oak Blvd
Tallahassee, FL 32399
vicki.morrison@dca.state.fl.us
850/922-1815
http://www.dca.state.fl.us/fdcp/dcp/ 

-----Original Message-----
From: Schaus & Brink [mailto:ljsjjb12@yahoo.com]
Sent: Thursday, June 22, 2006 6:08 PM
To: Governor Jeb Bush
Cc: Schaus & Brink
Subject: Evaluating Hurricane Protection Products for our Home

Dear Jeb, 
  
We recently wrote a similar email to Secretary Cohen with Florida's Department of Consumer Affairs.  Additionally, we thought your office might have some guidance for us.   
  
We have been interviewing various companies selling "hurricane protection" for our single family home windows.  We've seen everything from 3M Scotchshield film, Makrolon Polycarbonate Sheets and GE Lexan clear storm panels.   
  
With all of this information, and as new (single family) homeowners, we are looking for some guidance in the form of an unbiased opinion by perhaps an expert in this field.  Is there a department in your office that offers any sort of consumer consultation?  At home meetings to help us make the best decision for our home and family?   
  
Please let me know if you have any resources that can be of help to us.   
Thank you for your time. 
  
  
Laura & John
St. Petersburg FL
From:	Ibjessysgirl@aol.com
Sent:	Monday, July 10, 2006 11:53 AM
To:	VPK@childrensboard.org; awi_comments@awi.state.fl.us; lee.tom.web@flsenate.gov; Sebesta, Jim
Cc:	Ibjessysgirl@aol.com; news@wfla.com; news@wtvt.com; Dayside@foxnews.com; Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Level 2 Background screening

Good Day,
I am a provider in Hillsborough County who is planning to offer the VPK program for the second time this fall. We have 2 teachers who taught last year and would like to teach again.
They have both completed their Level 2 background screening and the required 5 year rescreening as per FS 435. 
The inital process of level 2 screening requires a local check, FDLE search and FBI check via fingerprinting. Both of my employees have had continuous service in my employ  for the past 5 years. As required by DCF, Hillsborough county licensing and the agency for workforce innovation the 5 year rescreening was completed and we have clear checks on both employees. 
On 7/6/2006 we were notified by Jenny Pert of the Tampa VPK office that VPK has different rules and would not except the rescreening. I was also told by Ms. Pert that licensing does not require Level 2 screening and that DCF had mandated all VPK instructors be refingerprinted. Upon contacting DCF I have been unable to find a single representative that will confirm the VPK's assertion. Furthermore, I have contacted licensing and confirmed on 2 seperate occaisions with 2 inspectors that we do indeed have current level 2 background screening.
My issue is that providers were not notified of any change of law or administrative rule requiring refingerprinting and with less than 2 weeks notice we are being asked to provide a background check that take 3-9 months to obtain. 
My request is to notify all providers of a change of administrative rule and allow them the appopriate amount of time to meet the new expectations.
Please respond with a course of action so that we can continue to provide a world class learning enviroment for our Pre-K students.
 
Thank you and respectfully,
Tina Gill
Castles of Imagination
813-689-2036
813-785-5734 Cell
 
From:	Robert G San Socie <sansocie@bellsouth.net>
Sent:	Monday, July 10, 2006 11:29 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Thank you FOX News

Q: How many Bush administration officials does it take to
change a light bulb?

A: None. There is nothing wrong with the light bulb; its
conditions are improving every day. Any reports of its lack of
incandescence are a delusional spin from the liberal media.
There is no shortage of filament. That light bulb has served
honorably, and anything you say undermines the lighting effect.
Why do you hate freedom?


From:	anseln@freenet.de
Sent:	Monday, July 10, 2006 11:23 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	weapons of mass destruction-information for your brother

Honourable Governour Jeb Bush

Christoph Schepers                                                                                                                                 10.7.2006

00496186/900385   tel

                                                                             Hallo!

 

Please have a look : www.shoal.net.au/~mwoa/documents/letter_lp_president_bush_18april2006.html

                                                                  

                                                                                                                                                             greetings!

                                                                                                    God bless america

 

 

 

 

 

 

                                                                                                                                    


--
 
From:	Nomeara59@aol.com
Sent:	Monday, July 10, 2006 11:18 AM
To:	cfo@fldfs.com; Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Insurance Cancellations and Increases

Dear Mr. Gallagher:
I have copied an e-mail sent to Gov. Bush by my Condo Association President regarding our attempt to obtain insurance coverage for our buildings after we were canceled by Allstate. That e-mail is below.
 
Today I spoke with someone from a leading insurance company who said that the Insurance Companies are not going to subsidize the homeowner segment with profits from their Auto Insurance arms going forward and thus will raise homeowner rates dramatically on business they wish to keep and nonrenew business that they deem too risky; read more than 5 (sometimes 3) years old.
 
It may be time for your office to tell these companies, since you regulate them, to stop cherry-picking and offer affordable insurance to all. It is unconscionable for these companies to cancel so many thousands of policies and ask for such exhorbidant rate increases also. The insurance industry is about spreading risk and overall these companies are very profitable and have been for years. Why don't they add the past profits into the equation before crying about losses in one year? They could also spread it around to the rest of the individual companies under their umbrella throughout the country, I'm sure most of them have the same top management and shareholders.
 
I was also told that the insurance companies are asking for such high increases now because they think that this Republican administration will be more receptive to them than if a new Democratic administration and Legislature were to be elected.
 
I would like to see your Agency tell these Insurance Companies that if they wish to continue doing business in Florida they will have to keep their current policies in force, with realistic premium increases which could be as high as 50%, or do NO business at all in Florida, which would include no auto, business, Life or Financial services if they do them. 
 
You must do something to stop the hardship that this situation is causing to hundreds of thousands of Floridians.
 
Please read the letter below.
 
 
 
Dear Governor Bush,
 
I am the 2006 President of the Cedar Hollow Condominium Association in Bradenton, Florida. I have been a full time resident of the Sarasota-Bradenton area since February 1995. I know you are acutely aware of the insurance rate crisis. However, I am offering a real example of the drastic affects upon our condominium owners.
 
Our budget year runs from January 1 to December 31 each year. Our insurance annual premium was approximately $27,000.00 with Allstate Insurance, payable in monthly installments, until they notified us in late May that they were dropping our policy effective August 17, 2006, our renewal date. The development consisting of 96 units was completed in late 2001 and we are located approximately one (1) mile west of I75, off of SR 70, Tara at the Preserve, in a non flood zone.
 
We have been attempting to obtain insurance quotes since February of this year. We were told by numerous insurance agents that we must wait until we received the 60 day cancellation notice from Allstate. Our Board of Directors were certain that Allstate would drop us as they had thousands of other Florida policy holders. After receipt of the cancellation notice, the agents were again contacted. However, it was not until Thursday, July 6, 2006 that the following quotes were received.
 

*	Agent, Vince Madina, Quote from Strategic Insurance Company = $140,000.00 annually. Requires the full amount of the premium on August 17th. They offer a loan at 11% to pay their premium. 
*	Agent, Dave McMahn, Atlas, Quote from Strategic Insurance Company = $140,000.00 annually. Requires the full amount of the premium on August 17th. They offer a loan at 11% to pay their premium. 
*	Chris Boston, Bushong Insurance - Requires a $2,000.00 appraisal before presenting quotes for binder. 
*	Gar Reese, Moody Agency (This is the agent that Allstate referred to us, awaiting reply.) 
*	Mike Angers, Brown & Brown = $212,482.00 annually. 
*	Meda Wilson, Al Purport Insurance Agency, Cincinnati Insurance Company. Cincinnati Ins. will not insure any property older than three (3) years in Florida.  
*	State of Florida Citizens Insurance - If you can obtain a quote for insurance from an admitted carrier ( A carrier admitted to sell insurance in the State of Florida) you cannot utilize Citizens. 

 
Our 96 owners consist of part time residents from out of State, owners who are employed, retired owners, retired widows and retired widowers.
 
Our present 2006 Quarterly Assessment with $35,000.00 budgeted for insurance that included an anticipated rate increase is $475.00. The 2007 estimated Quarterly Assessment without any insurance costs = $380.84. The 2007 estimated Quarterly Assessment with new insurance costs estimated at $140,000.00 would be $866.95 for the first three quarters of which $486.11 is for insurance to meet the August 17, 2007 renewal date premium payment in full. The ability to sell these units will be extremely difficult with the new quarterly assessment amount. 
 
However, our immediate crisis is to create a Special Assessment for owners to pay the $140,000.00 by August 17, 2006. This will require a payment of $1,458.33 from each of our 96 owners by August 15, 2006. 
 
I know you have no magic solution for our situation, but the last three days have left me drained attempting to find a way to make things easier for our owners. If this information is actually presented to you to read, you can imagine the negative future affects on Florida's residents, growth and economy.
 
If there is a direction that our property management firm or Board should pursue, please let me know at your earliest convenience as the clock is running and the insurance quotes are only good for 15 days of which 3 have elapsed as of this writing.
 
G. Dan Boone
7274 Cedar Hollow Circle
Bradenton, Florida 34203
941-753-3993
 
Ned O'Meara
7127 Cedar Hollow Circle
Bradenton, FL 34203
941-758-3856
941-224-2024 Cell
941-727-4889 Fax
 
 
 
From:	Stoutamire, Jim <Jim.Stoutamire@dep.state.fl.us>
Sent:	Monday, July 10, 2006 9:41 AM
To:	Glisson, Mark; Armstrong, Eva; Governor Jeb Bush; Vince, Georgia; Rach, Timothy
Subject:	RE: oldest living animal in FL

Georgia/Tim - fyi

 

  _____  

From: Glisson, Mark 
Sent: Monday, July 10, 2006 8:49 AM
To: 'LJMoller@aol.com'; Armstrong, Eva; bush@eog.state.fl.us
Cc: BARJNPWLL@aol.com; Stoutamire, Jim
Subject: RE: oldest living animal in FL

 

Jack:  Thank you.  I am forwarding your e-mail to our Division of Water Resource Management so they may have the benefit of your comments. Good to hear from you.

Mark

  _____  

From: LJMoller@aol.com [mailto:LJMoller@aol.com] 
Sent: Sunday, July 09, 2006 3:54 PM
To: Glisson, Mark; Armstrong, Eva; bush@eog.state.fl.us
Cc: BARJNPWLL@aol.com
Subject: oldest living animal in FL

Mark

I just received a document from Nova SE U. in which they talk about the oldest living animal, coral, in FL living just south of the Ft Lauderdale ship inlet.  This is the area that a pipe line has been approved to go through. I am sure DEP/DSL will make sure this pipe line on Trustee property is fully protected against damage during construction, after construction and during hurricane events from this needed natural gas pipe.

 

Jack Moller

From:	Greg DeNike <jgd1816@se.rr.com>
Sent:	Monday, July 10, 2006 9:38 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Columbia County Courthouse life safety fire code violations
Attachments:	The purpose of this letter is to request your immediate assistanc.wpd

This is to advise you that the attached letter was faxed to: 1-850-487-0801 a few minutes ago. Thank you for your attention to this matter. 
From:	Hygeia Halfmoon <peacefulsimplicity@yahoo.com>
Sent:	Monday, July 10, 2006 9:33 AM
To:	webmaster@gao.gov
Cc:	Governor Jeb Bush; comments@sptimes.com; CoastProducer@aol.com; laurie@cchrflorid.org; editor@covenantnews.com; jessica@tienlaw.com; assistance@aclufl.org; AndersonP1@gao.gov; CongRel@gao.gov; oppaga@oppaga.fl.gov; SR_Community_Relations_Office@dcf.state.fl.us; hhenri@sarasota-ymca.org; ggalan@sarasota-ymca.org
Subject:	Pinellas County DCF Abuse...Indian Child Case...Jasmine Halfmoon...SPN 02711689

July 10, 2006

Aloha Derry Harper,

Repeated efforts to reach Governor Jeb Bush of Florida
continue to be forwarded to the Pinellas County DCF,
where the abuse against my daughter, Jasmine is taking
place.

The State of Florida has a nation-wide reputation for
having the most corrupt DCF system.  My own daughter's
horrendous experience of 145 days is proving out this
reputation.

My family is being profiled for our nomadic lifestyle,
religious beliefs and personal family values.  Case
workers continue to practice Viewpoint Discrimination,
and make no reasonable efforts toward reunification. 
The expectation that we abandon our lifestyle and
change our religious beliefs is a violation of our
Constitutional Rights.

As a renowned author on the subject of parenting and
family relationships and the leader of the world-wide
Primal Mothering Movement, travel is a natural part of
our family business.  My lifework and the income of
this family have been abruptly stopped since Pinellas
County DCF abuse infiltrated our lives on February 15,
2006.

This Fraud, Waste, and Abuse must be stopped by
cutting off all State and Federal funding presently
ear-marked for the continuing abuse of my daughter. 
Jasmine's immediate return to our family will allow
her healing process to begin.

Sincerely Spoken,

Hygeia Halfmoon, PhD
Author,
Primal Mothering in a Modern World

__________________________________________________
Do You Yahoo!?
Tired of spam?  Yahoo! Mail has the best spam protection around 
http://mail.yahoo.com 
From:	Hygeia Halfmoon <peacefulsimplicity@yahoo.com>
Sent:	Monday, July 10, 2006 9:21 AM
To:	CongRel@gao.gov
Cc:	Governor Jeb Bush; comments@sptimes.com; CoastProducer@aol.com; laurie@cchrflorida.org; editor@coventnews.com; jessica@tienlaw.com; assistance@aclufl.org; webmaster@gao.gov; AndersonP1@gao.gov; oppaga@oppaga.fl.gov; SR_Community_Relations_Office@dcf.state.fl.us; hhenri@sarasota-ymca.org; ggalan@sarasota-ymca.org
Subject:	Pinellas County DCF Abuse...Indian Child Case...Jasmine Halfmoon...SPN 02711689

July 10, 2006

Aloha Gloria Jarmon,

This letter is to report Fraud, Waste, and Abuse on
the part of Pinellas County DCF in the State of
Florida.

My adolescent daughter, Jasmine has endured
instability and endangerment since her capture by
Pinellas County DCF on February 15, 2006.

There have been no reasonable efforts on the part of
case worker Heather Henri toward reunification. 
Furthermore, it is in violation of the Indian Child
Welfare Act that my Cherokee daughter is being held
against her will and the will of this family by the
United States Government and affiliated agencies.

Jasmine has never been sick and never needed medical
attention yet, since her capture, she has been in and
out of hospitals and doctors offices countless times,
as well as put on medication, which is clearly against
our religious beliefs.

Easily more than $100,000 of State and Federal monies
have been funneled to Pinellas County DCF in the name
of my daughter, while this same agency that is
draining Floridian tax payers demands child support
from me!

Pinellas County DCF abuse is causing physical and
psychiatric harm to Jasmine while at the same time
placing a heavy financial burden on the State of
Florida.

Governor Jeb Bush ignores all my letters, including
letters from all over the world in support of
immediate reunification.  In the best interest of
Jasmine and with integrity toward the tax dollars of
all residents of Florida, stop all State and Federal
funds NOW, and facilitate the immediate return of
Jasmine to her family for necessary healing to begin.

Sincerely Spoken,

Hygeia Halfmoon, PhD
Author of Parenting and Family Relationship books
including Primal Mothering in a Modern World



__________________________________________________
Do You Yahoo!?
Tired of spam?  Yahoo! Mail has the best spam protection around 
http://mail.yahoo.com 
From:	Weaver, <crac4rud@atlantic.net>
Sent:	Monday, July 10, 2006 9:17 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	GAMBLING:  Racing Pigeons for Big Money in FL

Please note we have only approved GAMBLING in horse racing and greyhound racing in Florida.
 
The following websites are for PIGEON RACING which is not voter approved.  It is mainly in the Hernando
County area with payouts totalling half a million dollars for just one race!  A person from Canada won $26,000
in December and he doesn't even live in FL.  Participation is now from every state, Canada, Mexico, and P.Rico.
 
The use of POINTS in wording means DOLLARS (they try to hide from IRS, State, etc).
 
http://www.gulfcoasthomingclub.com
 
http://www.flamingoic.com
 
http://sunshinestateinternationalrace.com
 
http://www.flyforlife.info
 
 
 
 
 
From:	Rick Nuckols <nuckolsr@bellsouth.net>
Sent:	Monday, July 10, 2006 9:18 AM
To:	president@whitehouse.gov; Daen-zc@hqda.army.mil
Cc:	Governor Jeb Bush; Robert.M.Carpenter@saj02.isace.army.mil; Lawrence.C.Evans@saj02.usace.army.mil; N525JL@AOL.COM
Subject:	Navarre Beach Restoration Project Suspension

I am requesting your assistance in persuading the US Army Corps of Engineers (COE) to permit the continued beach restoration of Navarre Beach.

 

The project could be completed within 14 days. This restoration will offer our community protection from this summer’s predicted hurricanes.

 

Please be clear, this is not a “New Orleans” situation. We are trying to help ourselves and only need the common sense support of the Army Corps of Engineers.

 

Elected officials in Washington wonder why the people in this country have lost confidence in their government.

 

Restore my faith in our government, help us with this matter.

 

Thank you,

 

Rick Nuckols

Property owner

Navarre Beach, FL   

 

 

 

From:	ratech <ratech@bigpond.com>
Sent:	Monday, July 10, 2006 9:14 AM
To:	minister.downer@dfat.gov.au; ministerfordefence@defence.gov.au; Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Copy of note sent to the US Departmen of Energy

To the US Department of Energy,
 
As a layman, with no political affiliations, and without even an involvement in modern day fuel useage, apart from a very efficient system of sharing responsibility, could I make some suggestions to the world of energy, so as to make my particular however small contribution, to my fellow man (who I would suspect uses far more fuel than mayself)?
 
Well read on if I may, scuse my intrustion into "your" protected lair.
 
 In Australia, the best country , in the world, I have noticed that our particularly nice climate has been interfered with recently by noticeably hotter days, when the sky is very clear.  We used to call this an Indian summer's day, in honour of the red indians, in your country.  Whether they are the Indians, everyone else refers to, I don't know.  But the UV factor is noticeably higher, in fact so high, it is very likely to get burnt in the middle of winter, on even a coolish day.  This never used to be the case, although in summer it was.
 
So there is a definite and recogniseable problem, and it is in fact in my opinion, already so bad, that extreme measures are now required to counteract the effect of what they call, global warming, due to an increase in greenhouse gases.
 
The constant media hype about fuel prices going up and the availability of fuel, although relevant to the lifestyles of many, I think the attention being given to the imminent decline of comfortable living standards, whilst outdoors, is far too low, and this situation could in fact be a much more catastrophic situation, waiting to happen, in fact is happening whilst everyone with a job, is whingeing about getting their pint of fuel.
 
I would suggest that there is some definite move made by the US Department of Energy, together with other world energy departments, such as Saudi Arabia, Africa, Russia, China and Australia, to start saying something about a change in fuel use habits world wide, crisis level changes, which could bring the world back into sync with a balance of natural forces which will help both the ozone layer recover and see a generational preservation of fuel reserves for the future, effective immediately.
 
New fuel reserves being found, such as oil sands, suggest an increased availability of fuel, however also suggest an increasing use of existing fuel reserves required to refine them, ie natural gas, which both removes existing reserves and increases green house gases.
 
It is my suggestion, that the world does not have that much time.
 
By increasing fuel production, as has been suggested by the world energy forecasters, the increased use of fossil fuel to refine some of that fuel, the ongoing inefficient useage of that fuel and the neglect of our environment, by the communities of the world who over use fuel, could mean, for us, that not only will the polar ice cap melt, and deprive future generations to come, of any sightings of polar bears and penguins, but will increase smog levels world wide, crippling many cities who need fresh air to breath and stay healthy, increase the UV factor, in all countries, especially countries, near the ozone holes, and will also affect crop growth, which is needed to manufacture new age fuels, if we don't even consider food supplies.
 
I don't think, we have as much time as suggested by the fuel companies, to constantly introspect about whether we can continue massive production levels of fuels, for the sake of jobs, or for the sake of just keeping the show going.
 
The world I think, the energy using world, I think has now run out of time, because a UV factor felt in countries like mine Australia, which is very used to high solar radiation levels, and is quite proud of the fact, means we won't be able to go outdoors, and then the next step is crops won't survive.
 
Australia is going through a drought at the moment, an extended drought, and that drought demonstrates what can happen, when crops fail, water supplies to cities, fail, and noone is very concerned about the issue, because they are being an outright bitch just because they can't get their pint of diesel or petrol from the local service station.
 
Our civilisation, largely was not built on fuel alone, but on the good will and health of many.  To say that fuel is the major priority for our civilisation is like saying, if we are all fat ugly overweight jallopy drivers, who don't have legs and our faces are the only thing important to thank God for giving us, there is no other need to life or enjoy life, there couldn't be, because it is not a consideration, in social planning.
 
I have some suggestions to help the world alone the road to recovery, if you have time to listen.  The time is short, the time is short, because the world wishes to open its mouth and complain, instead of being a cooperative, interested and appreciative world, full of people who consider society, for the sake of community, rather than for being indolent with greed.
 
1)  We must consider that future generations need fuel too.  The fossil fuel reserves we have now, are very good, they are very effective, but they have only lasted 50 years or so.  Millions of years, went into making them, but because the energy hungry modern age is using them so fast, the grandchildren of this generation, may not even understand anything of their existence from personal experience, only to remember wars fought over them, and countless civilian and government bitches who complained they were not given more.
 
Therefore, there is both a need to consider fuel useage from an efficiency point of view as well as a prosterity point of view and the time is running out to do so.
 
To plan to use more fuel, faster, world wide in the next 10 years, therefore, although possible, demonstrates a severe lack of both planning, a severe lack of desire to consider future generations, a lack of willingness to consider the broader needs of our world outside the energy sector, possibly even the mindset of one beset by a desire to committ suicide, rather than look towards his or her own behaviour, and in doing so, secure the future of our planet.
 
Nasa has forecast arctic warming, to such a degree that the polar icecap will melt, the oceans will rise, some countries will go into another ice age within a possible 50 years, and yet, the energy production people, do not heed these warnings, instead they are planning greater levels of fuel production and useage.
 
One would think perhaps, they have gone mad.
 
2)  Fuel efficiencies:
 
Although fuel efficiences are present in the car market, and although changes look planned and suitable to the task at hand, there are still some issues which seem unresolved to me.
 
a)  The fuel companies burn, huge, and I mean absolutely massive amounts of burn off gases from the oil rigs, from oil refineries, and other installations.
 
These burn off jets, instead of just wasting the energy, could be used to heat water, produce clean water for drinking, and if not utilised for drinking, the steam from heating water, could simply be allowed to go into the atmosphere to produce rain, which will fall somewhere.  When the steam goes up into the atmosphere, it will produce some more ozone, it will produce humidity, and rainfall by seeding, and all up, will be used better than just to produce toxic gases and CO2 gases released into the atmosphere, to foster more public media based complaining that our world is falling apart.
 
Could the oil companies therefore, immediately take steps to turn their burn off gas outlets, into steam producing plants?  
 
CO2 emissions would be less, Ozone production would increase in the atmosphere due to the seeding material, namely water, in the atmosphere, and possibly even rain would come to some dry countries, or be assisted to come if nothing else.  Complaining would be less, and that in itself, would be a great boon for all western countries.  Women's scorn is one thing, but I think too much scorn can wear you out.
 
b)  The use of heavy military equipment - eg jet fighter planes 
 
Jet fighter planes, use 11,000 US Gallons per trip, which I think is 44,000 litres of Aviation fuel per trip, and this suggests, not just an enormous and in many cases unnecessary use of fuel, but would be the equivalent of 8,000 people driving to a shop at any one time.  
 
An aircraft carrier full of jet fighter planes, would therefore use, the equivalent of 200,000 people, yes, an entire cities worth of fuel in one trip.  Yes one trip, imagine if they conducted 10 sauties or more each, then the fuel useage would be absolutely enormous.  
 
The water produced by the oil companies, from steam producing gas outlets, could provide the water needed to satisfy those countries, against which the US military has been pitched, taking away their lust for war, taking away the need to even go to war.  
 
c)  Heavy truck traffic.
 
Well we do find heavy truck traffic difficult, and trying to drive a mini minor near a large semi (sem eye for you USAians) is not everyone's cup of tea.
 
Heavy truck traffic which is destined for major towns, could be diverted through a rail link perhaps, which is both more efficient fuel wise, safer for the civilian drivers, and heavy truck traffic could be restricted from the rail link to the sales outlet only.
 
Not easy to do, but would save a lot of fuel and prevent many truck accidents which are currently happening.
 
d)  Civilian use of vehicles.
 
  >  go to the supermarket less often.
  >  use a smaller car
  >  car pool with friends (this is an interesting one isn't it.  Car pooling with enemies is not such a good idea)  Car pooling with friends, may even help to solve the very severe sociality problem which is present now in western countries, where people are increasingly isolated, with noone to talk to, no way to contribute to the common good, and if people were responsible enough to drive as safely and slowly as possible, car pooling, although seen to be unreaslistic because of one reason and another, if only some people did it, it could become a cult in itself, perhaps the first good religious cult, which the world has seen for a long time.
 
e)  Placement of supermarket outlets, and places of employment.
 
Supermarket outlet locations, determine the distances travelled to the supermarkets and therefore the use of fuel by the community.
 
Now against the US military machine, western civilian petrol useage is probably minor.....cough.  Or is it.
 
Employment location, means, also use of fuel.
 
The modern world is finding large supermarkets, difficult at times due to overcrowding, (yes in the car park, how did you guess), intimidating, because women's breasts can't compare with 17 square acres of red apples in Wooldworths and some women get shy and anorexia then results, for some, especially the elderly, the shops are too far away and because of that, they can't get their dinner, and then they get sick, their families, break up, because the young want to live in an area where supermarkets are more upmarket and then our entire community, breaks apart.
 
Lack of food, too much fuel, too much money needed, too much pressure on the elderly and thereby the family unit, and down we all go, into the sewers of success, in what it means to be a rich man in an modern world.
 
Local employment is good, local food outlets are good.  Less fuel, less money needed, allowing for an increased population, and who wouldn't want that?  Eh girls?  and the ozone layer, saying thankyou, but not taking the skin on the tip of your nose off, as you water the garden.
 
f)  Bio fuels.
 
Can I say, that this is both the dilemna, and condemnation of the western world.  A world convinced, verily stamped in government ink on the death certificates of so many soldiers, and on so many civilians, in third world countries, that there is no fuel to provide fresh water, and warmth to many, and now, to say we can run a jet ski, we have both the means, and permissions, to get it running loudly, we have the means, to run campervans on ethanol, and we have the means to keep politicians alive with loungeroom heaters, and we have the fuel to keep government buses running, when so many others are driving a Rolls Royce.
 
We have no fuel is the catch cry of the modern age, and it was held as a victor's sword against our conscience, when we have been asked to help others survive, and now, out of that same need, the same need for survival, when the government wants not to be seen as defeated, a solution is found.
 
The solution though I think is fragile.
 
The solution depends on rain, on the fat cut from the food we eat, from food grown (corn) to make ethanol, the same ethanol which has been produced by western countries, yeh verily, the same ethanol which helps the economy of the western world's survive, and yet, so many have died, because "they" said, there is NO FUEL.
 
The rains, can't come because we are in a drought.
The UV levels are set to go up and up, as if to say God does love us, enough to give us a clear warning, before our world dies from overheating.   The UV levels are set to go up because the production and useage of fuel is considered more a priority than our own survival, more a priority than an increasing gratitude towards a God who has given us sight, and hearing, arms and legs with which to walk, a nose to smell the flowers, but all the western world can think and train itself for is war, and to hide inside concrete and steel buildings, away from the beauty which makes our world, worth living in.
 
The priorities, of the modern world, now are put to the test.
 
North Korea, I think, prophesied in the Bible as demonstrating the judgement of God, by suggesting our time is up, that a nuclear war is imminent, now acts, from its heart, yes, from its experience of knowing of just what it is, to be without help, for long long periods of time.  
 
It is not a nuclear threat though in itself.  It is not a futile plea for mercy, it is in fact God's judgement, that if we do not immediately value our world, and take definite and immediate steps, to reduce fuel useage world wide in a very dramatic sense, we will, lose our world, and for future generations, our legacy will be one of poverty, instead of prosperity, and happiness, which was intended by our creator, effected as we take the time to value, all we have been given.
 
Regards
From:	Vicki Patterson <vicki_patterson@msn.com>
Sent:	Monday, July 10, 2006 9:13 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	[*] Re: Governor Jeb Bush's IN THE NEWS... Friday, July 7, 2006

Dear Jeb,  It is wrong that the Scientologist do not pay taxes especially in Clearwater.  They are a cult not a church. Can you do something to make them pay taxes like everyone else.  It is not fair to the other people who live in Clearwater or anywhere else and have to pay more because of a cult like Scientology.  Thank  you  Vicki Patterson

----- Original Message ----- 
From: Governor Jeb Bush 
To: Governor Jeb Bush 
Sent: Saturday, July 08, 2006 3:46 AM
Subject: Governor Jeb Bush's IN THE NEWS... Friday, July 7, 2006

For those E-Newsletter recipients who have Adobe Acrobat reader, Governor
Bush's e-newsletter is available in .PDF format by clicking here:

http://www.flgov.com/in_the_news

The text version of the e-newsletter is below.


RECORD NUMBER OF FLORIDIANS USING SAFETY BELTS

On Thursday I announced that a record number of Floridians are using safety
belts. The Preusser Research Group recently reported that 80.7 percent of
drivers and their front seat passengers are using safety belts on Florida
highways.  Overall, safety belt usage rates in Florida have climbed more
than 20 percent since 2000. A vast majority of Floridians are using safety
belts. Wearing a safety belt saves lives. It is the single most effective
way to prevent injuries and reduce fatalities in motor vehicle crashes. For
more information on Florida's 'Click It or Ticket' safety belt campaign,
please visit www.clickitfla.com.


CHRISTA CALAMAS APPOINTED SECRETARY OF THE FLORIDA AGENCY FOR HEALTH CARE
ADMINISTRATION

On Thursday I named Christa Calamas as Secretary of the Florida Agency for
Health Care Administration (AHCA). Calamas most recently served as the
General Counsel for AHCA.  The appointment is effective July 8.  Previously,
she served as Assistant General Counsel to Governor Bush from 2002 to 2005.
Calamas replaces Secretary Alan Levine who was recently selected as the new
CEO of the North Broward Hospital District. Christa's extensive experience
in health care policy continues to be a great asset to my administration. I
am confident Christa will continue the good work done by Secretary Levine as
Florida implements landmark Medicaid reform, leads the nation in public
reporting of hospital information and begins the process of creating
networks for electronic medical records. All three of these priorities will
fundamentally improve the way health care is delivered in our state. For
more information on Florida's consumer-driven health care initiatives,
please visit http://ahca.myflorida.com or www.floridacomparecare.gov 


POINTS OF LIGHT AWARD PRESENTED TO ALICIA CRABTREE

On Wednesday I recognized Alicia Crabtree of Melbourne as this week's Points
of Light Award recipient.  For over three years, Alicia has dedicated her
time to volunteer efforts at the Melbourne Children's Home Society, an
organization designed to prevent child abuse and neglect. I am proud to
recognize Alicia for the tremendous impact she has had on the lives of
others less fortunate. She has given selflessly of her time and resources
for the enhancement of others.  Alicia is to be commended for her
extraordinary commitment to the community and should serve as an example to
us all.  For more information, or to nominate, go to
www.VolunteerFloridaFoundation.org.

Congratulations!

To read more about this week's winners, please click here: 
http://www.flgov.com/release/7975


GOVERNOR BUSH'S 2006 LEGISLATIVE INITIATIVES

Please visit www.govfloridaforum.com.
       
____________________________________________________________________
Volume 8, Issue 27
Copyright(c) 2006 State of Florida
 
If you would like to change your subscription or unsubscribe, please go to:
http://www.myflorida.com/myflorida/subscribe.html


Thank you.





From:	Sandi Kuster <SKuster@pdhf.net>
Sent:	Monday, July 10, 2006 8:55 AM
To:	insptwo@msn.com; RANAL4EVER@aol.com; Rana; Brenda Goltermann; Campbell, Josee; donpardanes@ddcnet.com; huntington; Governor Jeb Bush; Taylor, John; Kelly Turley; LFox476472@aol.com; Mary Andriotis; Mary Andriotis
Subject:	Personal E-Mail: SLKuster@earthlink.net

Please begin sending all e-mail to my personal e-mail address (slkuster@earthlink.net) because I am leaving my current job. I expect to be here until July 20th. 

All of my e-mails are forwarded to my cell phone, so don’t worry about my not accessing the personal e-mail; I will see it during the day.

Thank you very much, 

 

 

Sandi Kuster

 

From:	bksmith@mybluelight.com
Sent:	Monday, July 10, 2006 8:48 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Energy options

Good Morning,

   I read an article in MSNBC that several military bases are
having problems paying bills due to diverting funds to the war effort
and high fuel costs.
   A combination of technologies would allow us to pull power out
of thin air.  I have sent email to Fort Sam Houston and Fort Bragg
who are also mentioned in the article.

   1) Dehumidifiers pull (collect) water from the air.
   2) This water is electrolyzed by "hydrogen-boost" converters.
     available at:   Hydrogen-boost.com

   3) Hydrogen engines generate all the power we need.
     available at:   Hydrogenenginecenter.com

   Costs?   I don't know.
   The combination of these technologies would allow us to
pull power out of thin air.

   Have a good day !!
   Respectfully,

   Brian Smith
   3204 Norwood Street
   Columbus, Ohio 43224
   Home:  (614) 268-1522
   Cell:  (614) 778-2314

P.S. The power to run the dehumidifier, and electrolyzers would
come from a high output alternator, or several of them.
This combination could be used to generate electricity, or as
"onboard conversion" technology that would make in unnecessary to
have a hydrogen infrastructure.
    The water is taken from the air, electrolyzed, and fuels a 
hydrogen engine. No petroleum is necessary, no platinum , no
hydrogen infrastructure, no fuel cells.
    A vehicle equipped like this would never have to stop for 
fuel or gas !!!!

From:	Glisson, Mark <Mark.Glisson@dep.state.fl.us>
Sent:	Monday, July 10, 2006 8:49 AM
To:	LJMoller@aol.com; Armstrong, Eva; Governor Jeb Bush
Cc:	BARJNPWLL@aol.com; Stoutamire, Jim
Subject:	RE: oldest living animal in FL

Jack:  Thank you.  I am forwarding your e-mail to our Division of Water Resource Management so they may have the benefit of your comments. Good to hear from you.
Mark

  _____  

From: LJMoller@aol.com [mailto:LJMoller@aol.com] 
Sent: Sunday, July 09, 2006 3:54 PM
To: Glisson, Mark; Armstrong, Eva; bush@eog.state.fl.us
Cc: BARJNPWLL@aol.com
Subject: oldest living animal in FL


Mark
I just received a document from Nova SE U. in which they talk about the oldest living animal, coral, in FL living just south of the Ft Lauderdale ship inlet.  This is the area that a pipe line has been approved to go through. I am sure DEP/DSL will make sure this pipe line on Trustee property is fully protected against damage during construction, after construction and during hurricane events from this needed natural gas pipe.
 
Jack Moller
From:	Baruwk8@yahoo.com
Sent:	Monday, July 10, 2006 8:17 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Helping the poor

Mr Danny White
2025 Broman Ct
Colorado Springs, CO 80906-5441

7/10/2006

Dear Governor Bush:

I have been poor most of my life. I have worked hard, tried to follow what the Bible says, my salvation is in what Jesus Christ has done for me and not in my own works. But I still try and take a sabbaths day of rest, tithe on my income, and obey the commandments. Yet prosperity and success have eluded me. I have had to rely on handouts from others to pay my bills, and food stamps to help me get by. I am tired of the hand outs and the food stamps. I pray that God will turn the hearts of the rich to the poor, so the rich people in this country and around the world would not be so greedy and would take less profits, paying employees more and cutting their prices;  to help the poor. I have been a welder for eighteen years and everytime I have to go to work for someone else I have to start all over again. Thier are so many welders it's like we are a dime a dozen; I just cannot make enough to get ahead to be able to do something more with my life, other than just survive. I am tired of just surviving, I would like to thrive, live my dreams, and stop just dreaming them.
I wounder if the President were to start a campaign to influence the rich in this country to do as I mentioned, to turn the hearts of the rich to the poor. Not to give them handouts. I have some dignity and would like to keep it. I need more of a balance in the system and for the rich to pay the poor man more, taking less of a profit and charging less for thier products and services would be greatly appreciated.
Thank you, Danny White


Sincerely,

Mr Danny White


From:	Ernest Hillard <wlsm5607@bellsouth.net>
Sent:	Monday, July 10, 2006 7:11 AM
To:	'Adams, Nancy'
Cc:	'Congressman Mark Foley'; Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	[*] RE: Why are you wasting my time? Drivers License issue

Dear Nancy Adams, Director Sandra C. Lambert, and Executive Director Fred Dickinson,

            Thank you for answering my question.  Your informational response may be basic common knowledge to you but when renewing license every 6 years with technology changing so rapidly it might be helpful to include this information on your mailed printed renewal brochure and more clearly on your website.  People should have a choice when calling your office to listen to automated menus, talk to a person, and or given information and direction about contacting a local driver license office to answer simple questions from a real person.

Thanks, Ernest W. Hillard     

 

-----Original Message-----
From: Adams, Nancy [mailto:Adams.Nancy@hsmv.state.fl.us] 
Sent: Thursday, July 06, 2006 4:30 PM
To: wlsm5607@bellsouth.net
Subject: RE: Why are you wasting my time? Drivers License issue

 

 

 Dear Mr. Hillard:

 

Executive Director Fred Dickinson received your email regarding your license renewal and asked us to respond.

 

Your record shows that you have a non-digital driver license.  This would be an older, laminated version of a Florida driver license, opposed to the one that looks like a credit card. You may go to your local driver license office to apply for a new driver license with a current photo.  Once your photo has been taken, it will be stored in our database and will allow you to use one of our convenient options the next time you need a duplicate or a renewal.

 

Appointments are not mandatory but will help reduce the wait time at the driver license office.  You may visit our website at www.hsmv.state.fl.us to make an appointment or call our appointment center at (850)922-9000. 

 

We are continually striving to make our services more convenient and user friendly.  We will address your concerns regarding our website and phone center to the appropriate area.

 

We hope this information will assist you.

 

Sincerely,

SANDRA C. LAMBERT, Director

Division of Driver Licenses

 

 

 

 

 

 

  _____  

From: Ernest Hillard [mailto:wlsm5607@bellsouth.net] 
Sent: Friday, June 30, 2006 3:57 PM
To: ExecutiveDirector
Cc: 'Congressman Mark Foley'; jeb.bush@myflorida.com
Subject: Why are you wasting my time? Drivers License issue

 

Dear executive director,   Who ever you are, it must be a secret!

            I need an answer to very basic question before I proceed with my driver license renewal.  The only choices don’t seem to tell me how I get a new driver license with a picture on it that is new and not another sticker on my driver license from 1994.  The mailed information gives a phone number with an endless mechanical boring time wasting verbal menu. The internet hidden phone number at the bottom of the page in very small letters does the same.  It asked me endless questions that have nothing to do with my question then gives me a busy signal.  I consider your mail and website to be very in-accessible and un-user friendly.  You can bet that I will do all that one person can do to spread the word to effect changes in your very secretive impersonal state office that is suppose to serve the public.    

Ernest W. Hillard   

wlsm5607@bellsouth.net

 

PS 

I didn’t include a phone number because I don’t have a computerized boring useless endless time wasting menu but if you push 1’s 2’s 3’s 4’s  on your phone about a hundred times you just might connect with me.

From:	Patrick O'Neill PhD <patrickoneillphd@cox.net>
Sent:	Monday, July 10, 2006 1:32 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Our Social Security

Dear Governor Bush,
You may want to forward this eMail that is circulating among US citizens.
Thanking you in advance for your immediate attention to this matter,
I remain...
Patrick W. O'Neill, PhD
 
Our Social Security


Many years ago in Seattle, two wonderful neighbors,
Elliott and Patty Roosevelt came to my home to swim on
a regular basis.  They were a great couple full of
laughter and stories that today I continue to marvel
at.  Both are now deceased, but their stories remain.
During the years of our friendship we had many, many
discussions about Elliott's parents (President Franklin D.
and Eleanor Roosevelt) and how his father and mother
never intended for the Social Security and Welfare
programs to turn out the way they are today.  Elliott
used to say that if his parents returned to earth and
saw what the politicians had done to their programs
they would have burned all of them in hell.

Here is a story I received today regarding the Social
Security Program and I immediately thought of
Elliott's comments.  I Hope you will read
this and think about it.   

_____________________________________________

Franklin Roosevelt, a Democrat, introduced the Social
Security (FICA) Program.  He  promised:

1.) That participation in the Program would be
completely voluntary,

2.) That the participants would only have to pay
1% of the first $1,400 of their annual
incomes into the Program,

3.) That the money the participants elected to put
into the Program would be deductible from
their income for tax purposes each year,

4.) That the money the participants put into the
independent "Trust Fund" rather than into the
General operating fund, and therefore, would
only be used to fund the Social Security
Retirement Program, and no other
Government program, and,

5.) That the annuity payments to the retirees
would never be taxed as income.


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
---------------------

 
Since many of us have paid into FICA for years and are
now receiving a Social Security check every month --
and then finding that we are getting taxed on 85% of
the money we paid to the Federal government to "put
away" -- you may be interested in the following:

-------------------------------------------------------------

Q: Which Political Party took Social Security from the
independent "Trust Fund" and put it into the
General fund so that Congress could spend it?

A: It was Lyndon Johnson and the democratically
controlled House and Senate.

--------------------------------------------------------------------

Q: Which Political Party eliminated the income tax
deduction for Social Security (FICA) withholding?

A: The Democratic Party.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------

Q: Which Political Party started taxing Social
Security annuities?

A: The Democratic Party, with Al Gore casting the
"tie-breaking" deciding vote as President of the
Senate, while he was Vice President of the US.

-------------------------------------------------------------------
AND MY FAVORITE:

Q: Which Political Party decided to start giving
annuity payments to immigrants ?

A: That's right!  Jimmy Carter and the Democratic Party.
Immigrants moved into this country, and at age 65,
began to receive Social Security payments! The
Democratic Party gave these payments to them,
even though they never paid a dime into it!

----------------------------------------------------------------------

Then, after doing all this lying and thieving and violating
of the original contract (FICA), the Democrats
turn around and tell you that the Republicans
want to take your Social Security away!

And the worst part about it is uninformed
citizens believe it!


==============================================


If enough people receive this, maybe a seed of
awareness will be planted and maybe changes will
evolve.  Maybe not, some Democrats are awfully
sure of what isn't so.

But it's worth a try.  How many people can
YOU send this to?

Actions speak louder than bumper stickers.    

Forward this E-mail to others so that they can
be informed of the truth.

  
From:	Nanjedwardsinc@aol.com
Sent:	Monday, July 10, 2006 1:03 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	[*] It appears YOUR lawyer lied to me
Attachments:	DELETED0.TXT

Dear Governor Bush, 

 

Let me inform you, should you not already know of the latest atrocity committed on residents of our state by your administration. Some pertinent documents are attached. 

 

The G & H pharmacy is a few blocks from my home. So, I don't have to go far to witness more indecent actions against the people of the state of Florida by your office. 

 

Supposedly, the Department of Health will return the remaining property to the 

G&H premises on Monday. 

 

I told Katherine, if it were me, I'd not accept it and have same forwarded to Jeb Bush. For if they accept it, I suspect your office would pretend nothing ever happened. 

 

For your information, this will not be the case as I've have visited some local churches and they have developed a keen interest in this civil rights violation. 

 

This barbaric violation of the civil rights of Mr. Ekido and Ms. Mkpurta is yet another   

example of the lack of control, you, as our governor, have over this state. 

 

Ultimately, Sheriff Coats (and his attorney) and Mr. Codol are your responsibility. 

Charlie Crist too. What does he ever do, other than help his and your friends, the Semblers make more money?  

 

Personally, I think you should resign. 

 

Yours very truly I am, 

 

 

Nancy J. Edwards ( native Floridian)

6491 62 nd Street 

Pinellas Park , FL 33781

USA ( family pre 1776)

727 548 7288

 

 
From:	RickMyers <rick.myers11@verizon.net>
Sent:	Monday, July 10, 2006 11:59 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Shortage in Orange pickers.

Dear Governor Bush,
                   Just a quick note in response to an evening news report concerning a shortage in orange pickers.  As reported, their seems to be a shortage in pickers because of the illegal status some of the pickers were here in the first place.  I agree with the President,bending or breaking the law is not the solution to this problem.  What may be the answer, is using those who broke the law or are now incarcerated in our minimal security prison system.  As you know, many prison inmates owe a dept to society that should be paid back.  What also may work is to offer these inmates at a reduced cost to the growers who must in turn provide additional security at the grooves with the monies they save by using our inmates.  The other problem I have with this report is how can their be a shortage with pickers with people still trying to collect welfare or unemployment?  I don't understand.  I know if I had to provide for my family, I would do what I had to do.  This may not be the most desirable job, but it may make those wanting to live off of the system become more motivated to better their situation.  I don't mean to  sound unsympathetic, but I don't believe allowing our oranges to rot on the tree is economically the answer either.
 
                                                                          Thank you
                                                                         Rick Myers- Tampa, Fl
From:	Marivett Gerena <marivett2003@yahoo.com>
Sent:	Sunday, July 9, 2006 9:16 PM
To:	Brantley, Shelly
Cc:	Governor Jeb Bush; lee.tom.web@flsenate.gov
Subject:	A DESPERATE PARENT

My name is Marivett E. Gerena. I have a 13 year old daughter, Keyla Martinez, who has Prader Willi Syndrome. The most common characteristics of this syndrome are eating disorder, obesity, mental retardation, and behavior problems. She currently weights 177 pounds and measures 4’ 8”.
 
Keyla’s condition in the last 2 years has rapidly deteriorated. Her behavior has become the most overwhelm obstacle. She is compulsive, violent, and unpredictable to anyone near her at the time of crisis. These crisis can be at home, school, bus, church, stores, parks, libraries, restaurants, and etc. As parents we are in a very difficult situation because she is violent to her household members, students and teachers in her classroom, bus drivers, neighbors which make it very difficult for us to be a part of society. 
 
Keyla has a 8 year old brother, Angel Martinez, who has been psychologically affected by Keyla’s crisis. As a result of her attacking him, watching her constantly be restrained by the police, parents, teachers, and other officials, he has currently been diagnosed with ADHD. It is very difficult to give him a normal life since Keyla demands so much of our time. This has also affected her father’s health, he is been treated for Severe Depression and High Blood Pressure. This has left me to keep my household together, especially my marriage. This situation has caused my career to also be in jeopardy.
 
We have called Hillsborough County Sheriff to intervene during these crisis. We have been advised that the only options that they can offer to us is to have her arrested for domestic violence, for us to handle the situation or to call the Crisis Center. I have called the Crisis Center and was advised that being she is over 12 year old they would only admit Keyla, if she goes voluntarily. Keyla was sent to the Crisis Center at the age of 12 for backer acting by Hillsborough County School Officials. 
 
I am pleading for a Crisis Intervention for the second time. The system failed me the first time and that is why I am writing you. On Friday Keyla was dismissed from the Special Needs Summer Program at the YMCA. She attacked the Counselors and other children in her group. They called me at work and gave me minimum time to arrive before calling Officials. On the way home she attempted to jump out of the vehicle while I was still driving on a major road. This situation has gotten out of control. I want what is best for Keyla and my family. But due to the lack of services I am not able to do that. Also with school being out I have no professional setting or staff to care for Keyla while I work. My journey with Keyla has become over my head, where I can’t take care of her and give her a good quality of life.
 
We clearly need help. Please help me. 
 
Cordially,
 
Marivett E. Gerena
1313 Hatch Place
Valrico, Fl 33594
 
Home: 813-657-4958
Work: 813-930-7805
Cell: 813-390-8788 
 
Child: Keyla M. Martinez
Soc. Sec.: [REDACTED]
DOB: 03/12/93
 
 
From:	Zane E. Burdette <zburdette2@tampabay.rr.com>
Sent:	Sunday, July 9, 2006 9:12 PM
To:	kleanthis@andreadakisinc.com; Lee Grzymala; ag@oag.state.fl.us; Governor Jeb Bush; wgkozak; Fasano, Mike; Dynasty Limos; 'Daniel Steiner'; Bill Jennings; Antitrust Complaints Unit; adam@sptimes.com; aclufl@aclufl.org
Subject:	Re: Stop The Unlawful Regulation Of Intrastate Transportation

Importance:	High

I join Walter in his comments. The PTC has told the Ad Hoc Committee to take a hike. We do not want any one regulating us, except us.
Now the cabbies want the HCPTC to place caps on the limousine industry. I say, PTC take a hike and tell the Ad Hoc Committee, a big fat, we told you so!
 
Zane E. Burdette

----- Original Message ----- 
From: wgkozak 
To: Jeb.Bush@MyFlorida.com ; ag@oag.state.fl.us ; Zane E. Burdette ; Lee Grzymala ; kleanthis@andreadakisinc.com 
Sent: Sunday, July 09, 2006 8:40 PM
Subject: Stop The Unlawful Regulation Of Intarstate Transportation

Stop The Unlawful Restrictions Placed On Intrastate Motor Carriers & The Traveling Consumer!!
 
Fact: Most municipalities in the State of Florida that hold the major transportation hubs that numerous Counties are reliant upon extort monies and restrict intrastate motor carriers from entering to load their prearranged and/or chartered passengers for transportation back home!
 
Fact: Under the influence of political pandering taxi companies, the local municipalities create under color of law, monopolies servicing the major transportation hubs servicing interstate commerce! 
 
Fact: Cab Owners serve as lobbyist for politicos serving as commissioners on business entry level decision boards!
 
Fact: The economic regulatory restrictions placed on intrastate motor carriers are in violation of Federal and Florida Statutes!
 
Fact: Residents in the State of Florida reliant on nonpublic forms of transportation are restricted in travel choices, type of service provisions and geographical limitations due to the States failure to enforce its own laws! 
 
Fact: State Senators Lee, Crist, Sebesta and Fasano have been apprised of this situation numerous times over the past 3 years and have failed to take corrective action! 
 
Send a message to the Governor and the Florida Attorney General that the unlawful restrictions placed on the intrastate motor carrier and the traveling consumers must stop! 
			


  _____  




No virus found in this incoming message.
Checked by AVG Free Edition.
Version: 7.1.394 / Virus Database: 268.9.10/383 - Release Date: 7/7/2006


From:	wgkozak <wgkozak@hotmail.com>
Sent:	Sunday, July 9, 2006 8:40 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush; ag@oag.state.fl.us; Zane E. Burdette; Lee Grzymala; kleanthis@andreadakisinc.com
Subject:	[*] Stop The Unlawful Regulation Of Intrstate Transportation

Stop The Unlawful Restrictions Placed On Intrastate Motor Carriers & The Traveling Consumer!!
 
Fact: Most municipalities in the State of Florida that hold the major transportation hubs that numerous Counties are reliant upon extort monies and restrict intrastate motor carriers from entering to load their prearranged and/or chartered passengers for transportation back home!
 
Fact: Under the influence of political pandering taxi companies, the local municipalities create under color of law, monopolies servicing the major transportation hubs servicing interstate commerce! 
 
Fact: Cab Owners serve as lobbyist for politicos serving as commissioners on business entry level decision boards!
 
Fact: The economic regulatory restrictions placed on intrastate motor carriers are in violation of Federal and Florida Statutes!
 
Fact: Residents in the State of Florida reliant on nonpublic forms of transportation are restricted in travel choices, type of service provisions and geographical limitations due to the States failure to enforce its own laws! 
 
Fact: State Senators Lee, Crist, Sebesta and Fasano have been apprised of this situation numerous times over the past 3 years and have failed to take corrective action! 
 
Send a message to the Governor and the Florida Attorney General that the unlawful restrictions placed on the intrastate motor carrier and the traveling consumers must stop! 
			
From:	Jeanne Zeller <princess42075@yahoo.com>
Sent:	Sunday, July 9, 2006 8:23 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Fwd: hospital infections
Attachments:	hospital infections



Note: forwarded message attached.

  _____  

Sneak preview the all-new Yahoo.com. It's not radically different. Just radically better. 
From:	Page Franzel <page05@mac.com>
Sent:	Sunday, July 9, 2006 7:28 PM
To:	feedback@treasurecoast.com
Cc:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	ANSLEY PARK IN VERO BEACH FLORIDA

TO WHOM IT MAY CONCERN:
I AM WRITING IN REGARDS TO A SAD SITUATION THAT IS TAKING PLACE IN OUR NEIGHBORHOOD.  ANSLEY PARK IS SURROUNDED BY BEAUTIFUL CONSERVATION AREAS WITH OLD LIVE OAKS, SWAYING PINE TREES AND NATURAL FLORIDA PALM TREES.  WHEN THIS DEVELOPMENT WAS BEING SOLD, THOSE OF US WHO WISHED TO HAVE PRIVACY PURCHASED ON THE "CONSERVATION" SIDE OF THE STREET ON ANSLEY AVE.  WE WERE ALL TOLD THAT  "CONVERSATION" AREAS WERE PROTECTED IN FLORIDA AND COULD NEVER BE DISTURBED.  OBVIOUSLY THAT IS NOT THE CASE IN VERO BEACH, THIS IS A VERY SAD THOUGHT NOT ONLY FOR ALL OF US WHO VALUED OUR PRIVACY AS WELL AS THE NATURAL BEAUTY, SHADE NATURAL HABITAT AND SECURITY IT PROVIDED US ALL.  WE ALL WOKE UP FRIDAY JULY 7TH TO 3 BULLDOZERS ON 31ST AVE BEHIND OUR HOMES LITERALLY DESTROYING MOST OF THE "CONSERVATION AREA" FOR THE SAKE OF ASPHALT......ASPHALT THAT IS PAVING A ROAD MORE THAN TWICE THE SIZE OF THE EXISTING ROAD THAT HAS BEEN THERE SINCE THAT STREET WAS BUILT.  THERE HAVE NOT BEEN ANY PROBLEMS WITH CARS PASSING ON THE EXISTING SIZE OF THIS STREET AND IT HASN'T PREVENTED ALL THE DRAG RACING THAT GOES ON DAILY, OR THE WEEKLY TRASH PICKUP, OR EVEN THE SCHOOL BUSES FROM PICKING UP ALL THE KIDS.  NOW IT SEEMS THE CONSERVATION AREA IS SECONDARY TO ALL AROUND IT INCLUDING THE HABITAT THAT CALLS THIS HOME.  THE AMAZING PART OF THIS STORY IS THAT NOT ONE PERSON IN THE ANSLEY PARK DEVELOPMENT KNEW ANYTHING ABOUT THIS DESTRUCTION TO THE NATURAL HABITAT, BEAUTIFUL OLD OAKS AND ALL THE NESTS THAT FILL THE TREES.  IT'S AS IF IT WAS SET UP AS A HIT AND RUN EFFORT TO GET IN, BULLDOZE ALL THESE OLD TREES, BURN THE GROUND AND MOVE ON BEFORE ANYONE COULD BRING THIS TO THE ATTENTION TO SOMEONE WHO MIGHT JUST CARE WHAT IS HAPPENING TO OUR NATURAL AREAS THAT "SHOULD" BE PROTECTED.................WHERE WILL THIS END, VERO IS A CHARMING BEAUTIFUL OLD HIDDEN TREASURE AND THAT'S WHY WE MOVED HERE FROM PALM BEACH.  WATCHING ALL THE BIRDS FILL THE MANY TREES EVERY MORNING AND LISTENING TO ALL THE FROGS AT NIGHT IS A VERY THERAPEUTIC PART OF LIVING HERE.  STARTING AGAIN JULY 10TH THE BULLDOZERS WILL CONTINUE WHAT THEY SET OUT TO DESTROY, THE "PROTECTED" NATURAL PRESERVE THAT HAS PROTECTED CONSERVATION SIGNS POSTED ALL THROUGH OUR NEIGHBORHOOD.  JUST WHAT IS PROTECTED HERE.... OBVIOUSLY NOTHING.   OUR PEACEFUL SMALL NEIGHBORHOOD IS NOW LOOSING THE CHARM THAT DREW ALL OF US TO LOVE WHAT NATURE OFFERED.  NOW NATURE IS BEING DESTROYED AND NO ONE CAN STOP THE 10 TON MONSTERS FROM CONTINUING THEIR QUEST.  IS ANYONE LISTENING ???? 

signed  PAGE FRANZEL, 

A VERY CONCERNED VERO RESIDENT, WHO VALUES THE NATURAL CONSERVATION THAT IS QUICKLY VANISHING
From:	COMISION DE FINANZAS <cgce@argentina.com>
Sent:	Sunday, July 9, 2006 7:15 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	[*] Who is Chavez
Attachments:	PARA QUIEN TRABAJA CHAVEZ.pdf

Governor

Jhon Ellis (Jeb)Bush

Via E mail

We enclose a job prepared by two of our best economist. The subject is the relations of Chavez and the Democrats

Regards

Jose Jimenez, CEO


 

AVISO LEGAL: 
Esta información es privada y confidencial y está dirigida únicamente a su destinatario. Si usted no es el destinatario original de este mensaje y por este medio pudo acceder a dicha información por favor elimine el mensaje. La distribución o copia de este mensaje está estrictamente prohibida. Esta comunicación es sólo para propósitos de información y no debe ser considerada como propuesta, aceptación ni como una declaración de voluntad oficial del CENTRO DE ESTUDIOS ECONOMICOS Y FINANCIEROS INTERNACIONALES. y/o subsidiarias y/o afiliadas. La transmisión de e-mails no garantiza que el correo electrónico sea seguro o libre de error. Por consiguiente, no manifestamos que esta información sea completa o precisa. Toda información está sujeta a alterarse sin previo aviso. 

LEGAL NOTICE 
This information is private and confidential and intended for the recipient only. If you are not the intended recipient of this message you are hereby notified that any review, dissemination, distribution or copying of this message is strictly prohibited. This communication is for information purposes only and shall not be regarded neither as a proposal, acceptance nor as a statement of will or official statement from CENTRO DE ESTUDIOS ECONOMICOS Y FINANCIEROS INTERNACIONALES and/or subsidiaries and/or affiliates. Email transmission cannot be guaranteed to be secure or error-free. Therefore, we do not represent that this information is complete or accurate and it should not be relied upon as such. All information is subject to change without notice. 




------------------------------------------------------------------------
Conectate a Internet Gratis de Argentina.Com


 
From:	Page Franzel <page05@mac.com>
Sent:	Sunday, July 9, 2006 6:31 PM
To:	webmaster@sjrwmd.com
Cc:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	ANSLEY PARK "CONSERVATION AREA"

To whom it MAY concern.
Re: Ansley Park
	Vero Beach, Florida
As an Ansley Park resident in Vero Beach, Florida, I am extremely  
upset about the widening of the street behind us which is 31st. Ave.   
We were sold these homes 1 year ago by Showcase homes based on the  
fact this was a conversation area that COULD NEVER BE TOUCHED.  This  
was for the beauty as well as for SECURITY from intruders, this was  
OUR fence and now you are removing that, we will now have NO  
SECURITY, NONE, WHICH WE PAID FOR !!!!!!!!! ....What is a  
Conservation area, it is a PROTECTED area for ALL the habitat that is  
left in this area, now where do all these animals go?  These trees  
are FULL of nests.. As I was informed, if a tree is taken down in  
Vero Beach, first you must get a permit (I didn't see one posted) and  
you MUST REPLACE THE TREES YOU REMOVE WITH A LIKE TREE.  This does  
not mean a sapling but a tree of substantial size.  You have created  
a situation that NONE of Ansley Park was aware of, and was never  
notified it would happen.
Where are our rights as TAX PAYERS who PAID to be on a PROTECTED  
conservation area ????
Are you planning to replace ALL of these hard woods ?  There just  
happens to be a very old large LIVE OAK at the end of 11th St. as it  
runs into 31st Ave, is this tree being spared ?  Or is it just  
another target for your widening of a road that has done just fine  
the width it is now....... with so very little traffic.  So let's  
just give the kids in this neighborhood another street to drag race  
on..If they can shoot fireworks hours a day for 4 days in a row they  
can drag race without having to worry about ANY police...
This conservation area belonged to Ansley Park as much as it did to  
the area you are working in.  Again where are our votes, and rights,  
I guess there right up there with all the natural habitat that had no  
say so.....Where are they going to go?
I have documented EVERY TREE, every stake placed for your destruction  
area and the views from EVERY home on this beautiful natural preserve  
with photographs, over 130 to be exact.  These photographs show where  
all the nests are presently located, all the hardwoods and all the  
pines and natural palms are. These trees graciously adorn the areas  
of Florida that are TRULY being protected by our counties, obviously  
Indian River is not one of those areas.
I really don't  expect to hear from you or anyone regarding this e- 
mail since we didn't hear anything before this happened, but it would  
be GREATLY appreciated if we did hear from you.
This is a VERY serious situation for Ansley Park, so we hope you take  
it equally as seriously and help us understand just WHY this is  
happening and if it shouldn't be happening STOP the process immediately.

Thank you,
Page Franzel
1165 Ansley Ave SW
Vero Beach, Florida 32968

772 569-7171  home
561 703-1258  cell
772 234-4427  office

marypage2003@yahoo.com
page@spectrumvero.com



From:	JIMMIMGUG@aol.com
Sent:	Sunday, July 9, 2006 5:41 PM
To:	edrcoordinator@leg.state.fl.us; SD1253@aol.com; BERKWEISS@aol.com; brembypa@yahoo.com; BREMBYPA@YAHOO.COM; JOSEPHS@OPTONLINE.NET; LRutiglian@aol.com; ferlise@optonline.net; JOSEPHPS@OPTONLINE.NET; ksantoro@optonline.net; Krisnvinny@aol.com; WrkGymgal@aol.com; JandJKass@att.net; amonteva@tampabay.rr.com; Fourholesinone@aol.com; Cvk9kennelz@aol.com; Poppy856@aol.com; joanne14@bellsouth.net; mikeadrian@hotmail.com; Anthony3485@aol.com; ciab5@juno.com; Nanni426@aol.com; italianprinzess18@yahoo.com; AngeliqueMistral@aol.com; snukimuki@yahoo.com; MTPNVJP@aim.com; joeann510@yahoo.com; jf69@optonline.net; sonnymer@hotmail.com; Governor Jeb Bush; gov.pataki@chamber.state.ny.us; Governor Jeb Bush; pete.king@mail.house.gov; president@whitehouse.gov
Cc:	JIMMIMGUG@aol.com; adam.paulson@mail.house.gov; Altman.Thad@myfloridahouse.com; Ambler.Kevin@myfloridahouse.com; Anderson.Tom@myfloridahouse.com; arza.ralph@myfloridahouse.com; Attkisson.Frank@myfloridahouse.com; Bilirakis.Gus@myfloridahouse.com; bmahlburg@orlandosentinel.com; bp@becker-poliakoff.com; Brandenburg.Mary@myfloridahouse.com; callcenter@dbpr.state.fl.us; CAMELOT3@WORLDNET.ATT.NET; cbsnews___breaking_news-nanni426=aol.com@cbsig.com; Cmurphy@becker-poliakoff.com; Communications@dbpr.state.fl.us; Cretul.Larry@myfloridahouse.com; cshaw@nypost.com; Cusack.Joyce@myfloridahouse.com; Davis.Don@myfloridahouse.com; davis.mike@myfloridahouse.com; dberger@becker-poliakoff.com; dwd@pointersunlimited.com; ebolstad@herald.com; Sobel, Eleanor; feedback@nytime; Fields.Terry@myfloridahouse.com; Geller, Steven; rafael.gerena@wsj.com; gottleib.ken@myfloriahouse.com; greenstein.ron@myfloridahouse.com; hasner.adam@myfloridahouse.gov; heralded@herald.com; holloway.tee@myfloridahouse.com; Homan.Ed@myfloridahouse.com; interreligious@israelemb.org; JAKER456@AOL.COMLawrenceHAckerman@yahoo.com; jievlehrer@mailstation.com; jimmimgug@aol.com BREMBYPA@YAHOO.COM; jjordan@sun-sentinel.com; jkennedy@orlandosentinel.com; jkollin@sun-sentinel.com; Jordan.Stan@myfloridahouse.com; Kallinger.Jim@myfloridahouse.com; kkaye@sun-sentinel.com; LawrenceHAckerman@yahoo.com; letters@mousesavers.com; letters@nypost.com; letters@nytimes.com; letters@sun-sentinel.com; lkleindienst@sun-sentinel.com; mack.connie@leg.state.fl.us; mtpnvjp@gmail.com; mmayo@sun-sentinel.com; meadows.matt@leg.state.fl.us; mhollis@sun-sentinel.com; MorningCall@CNBC.com; netaudn@abc.com; NSRadioHelp@aol.com; nytdce@nytimes.com; oreilly@foxnews.com; Patterson.Pat@myfloridahouse.com; postmaster@clinton.senate.gov; rafaelleevlehrer@mailstation.com; rich.nan@myfloridahouse.com; ritter.stacy@myfloridahouse.com; rivera.david@myfloridahouse.com; rsmith@sun-sentinel.com; ryantim@myfloridahouse.com; Sansom.Ray@myfloridahouse.com; Secretary@dbpr.state.fl.us; seiler.jack@myfloridahouse.com; SFSUNTIMES@aol.com; slosberg.irving@myfloridahouse.com; smith.chis@leg.state.fl.us; sobel.eleanor@leg.state.fl.us; sorensen.ken@leg.state.fl.us; Sorensen.Ken@myfloridahouse.com; statedesk@herald.com; vbp@becker-poliakoff.com; viewerservices@foxnews.com; virgil.rizzo@dbpr.state.fl.us; web.@newsday.com; web-editor@nytimes.com; wishner.roger@myfloridahouse.com
Subject:	Asymmetrical levy of current Florida’s Property taxes

To all ARFHA members, officials and other interested parties... with the exception of this current letter addressed to Office of Economic and Demographic Research (OEDR); all other letters/ document attached, have been sent to you in the past. They are attached for the purpose of informing (OEDR) the serious circumstances surrounding  Florida's Homestead Act. And where attention should be trained , before new property tax policies are contrived and submitted for legislation. 
 
Sincerely,
 
James L. Guglielmo
President
ARFHA
(516) 681-9881
 
 
 
James L. Guglielmo
President
America Reforming Florida’s Homestead Act
3588 Ivy Drive
Bethpage, NY 11714-3314
July 10, 2006
 
 
Office of Economic and Demographic Research
111 West Madison Street
Suite 574
Tallahassee, Fl. 32399-6588
 
Re: Revising Florida’s property tax assessment
 
Dear Sir:
 
Enclose are various documents that have been E-mailed (attached) and mailed to you, for the purpose to enlightening you as to the dire need of revamping Florida’s property tax laws. As per letter attached dated June 20, 2006 from Department of Revenue, your department is responsible for providing policy options that have been prepared for legislation. 
 
Once the attached documents are assimilated, you will realize when the Homestead Act tax laws were promulgated, that little or no consideration was given; that such taxation was contrary to our Federal Constitution.  Moreover, that discrimination in levying excessive disproportion of taxes, to partial residence is continuously applied and condone by Florida’s legislators.
 
Our organization strongly recommends that the Office of Economics and Demographic Research, does not hesitate to obtain contracted experts outside government, to assist in developing a fair and equitable property tax policies for both permanent and partial Florida residents. In studying past legislative habitudes, we conclude, without such external intervention, innovation will not be prevalent.
 

Please reply.
 
 
 
Sincerely,
 

James L. Guglielmo
President
ARFHA
(516) 681-9881
 

Cc: President Bush
      Governors Bush & Pataki
      Congressman King 
 

DEPARTMENT OF REVENUE
Jim Zingale
 Executive Director
General Tax Administrator Child Support Enforcement Property Tax Administration Administrative Services Information Services
June 20, 2006
 
James L. Guglielrno 
President 
America Reforming Florida's Homestead Act 
3588 Ivy Drive 
Bethpage, New York 11714-3314 
 

Dear Mr. Guglielrno; 
 
Your letter dated June 7, 2006, to Governor Bush and various attachments were forwarded to this office for response because the Department of Revenue- is the state agency charged with the responsibility of providing information pertaining to the local property tax to Florida property owners. You refer to the letter you received from the governor's office which mentioned a 2006 bill that was passed in which the Legislature commissions the Department of Revenue to conduct an in-depth study of the property tax structure. You make several suggestions as to what you perceive the Department should do pertaining to the study. 
 
While your suggestions are of merit, please be advised that according to the bill, the Department of Revenue must conduct the study as specified in the legislation, which requires specific items to be included and mandates the timeframes for the Department's completion. The Department of Revenue is required to prepare a draft of the study by November 15, 2006, and to conclude the study by January 2,  2007
 
The Office of Economic and Demographic Research is required to prepare a report summarizing the study conducted by the Department of Revenue. The report prepared by the Office of Economic and Demographic Research is required to contain findings and policy options that may be available to the state. The bill also provides that the Office of Economic and Demographic Research may contract with state universities or nationally recognized property appraisal education and certification organization for the purpose of developing findings and policy options to be included in the report. 
 
The legislation found in section 3., of HB 7109 did pass both houses and was enrolled. However, the bill has not been presented to the governor for approval or veto at this time. You may wish to monitor the progress of the bill at: http:/_/www.leg,state.fl,us/Welcome/lndex,cfm 

This response is not a policy statement or interpretation of state law or rules, but is provided for your information and assistance since the Department of Revenue does not administer property tax. 
 
You may also wish to provide your comments to the Office of Economic and Demographic Research since that office is charged with the responsibility of providing policy options resulting from the study.
 
 Sincerely,
 

Jane Marshall 
Tax Law Specialist 
 
JM 21686/608460
 
 
James L. Guglielmo
President
America Reforming Florida’s Homestead Act
3588 Ivy Drive
Bethpage. NY 11714-3314
June 7, 2006
 
Dear Governor Bush:
 
Enclose is a packet with letters pertaining to our up-to-date stance, as to our organization’s on going  determination to undue Florida’s tax flaws. These letters where also E-mailed to you and others a few days ago. It is imperative that we also mail (via USPS) you a hard copy of this packet, for the purpose of assurance of receipt.
 
Your letter (May 12, 2006) mentions that the legislature commissioned the Florida Department of Revenue to conduct an in-dept study of the property tax structure.  In my dealing with Florida establishing of the newly created ombudsman, for over seeing condominium board’s deportment, Great friction developed by key Florida’s departments, as to whose jurisdiction this newly formed body falls under When it was obvious to any layperson, what department is to be held accountable for ombudsman’s operation. In view of my past involvement  and the outcome of ombudsman,  I foresee little will be achieved  in overhauling the property tax structure; without the following being employed, unless already  in place:
 
1.     The revenue department should submit schedule progress reports, on their property tax changes.
2.    Schedule meetings must be conducted with the department of revenue and key personnel, as to progress, recommendations and unforeseen problems confronting the revenue department.
3.    A schedule time of completing their property tax changes with their proposals. Sufficient time for the legislated body to study and intelligently act. 
4.    If need be, seek expert input from without the Florida legislative structure. 
 
This cover sheet is being E-mailed to our members and others.
 
 
 
Sincerely,
 
 
 
James L. Guglielmo
President
ARFHA
(516) 681-9881
 

CC: President Bush
       Governor Pataki
       Congressman King
 
 
 
James L. Guglielmo
President
America Reforming Florida’s Homestead Act
3588 Ivy Drive
Bethpage, NY 11714-3314
June 5, 2006 
 
John Ellis “Jeb” Bush 
Office of the Governor
The Capital
Tallahassee, Florida 32399-0001 
 
Dear Governor Bush: 
 
Our organization appreciates your letter mailed to me and is posted below, for others to read. 
 
In resolving the complexity of the numerous problems that the Florida Legislature struggled with this past session, I recommend that the many inequities of our current tax structure should be resolved “one frame at a time;” instead of confronting the entire aspect of this tax deformity, in one session. The first and simplest reformation and greatest gravity of all Florida’s tax deficiencies, because of federal Constitutional Civil rights violation…Caused by the excessive taxation imposed on seasonal (Snow Birds) visitors, who have no legal representation. 
 
In viewing the entire tax deficiency as a whole, two main obstacles are obscuring any progress in rectifying Florida‘s tax system, (the second is the simplest to rectify) and they are as follows: 
 
1. Law makers should approach with tenacity, the approving of Florida’s Constitution, to repeal prohibition against state personal income tax. With Florida leading the nation in job and economic boom, Floridians must be educated to this pliable means of taxation, as testified by other states. 
 
2. The “Golden Egg” hatched by Snow Birds is a difficult tax to resolve, that was enacted subjectively. In addition, viewed as a lucrative income for Florida’s treasury, which is in my point of view, a perpetual criminal act, condone by our legislators in Tallahassee. 
 
I have written letters in the past advocating intervention by states whose constituents,’ constitutional civil rights, are violated. Presently response has been nil. If no satisfaction is evident from said states, then intervention is mandatory by our federal government. 
 
Our doctrine dictates, that we will continue to pursue this subject matter, even when it appears dormant by our Florida legislators. It is vigorously engaged (because it is morally wrong) until we Snow Birds receive equal civil rights as enjoyed by our brethren Floridians. 
 
Sincerely, 
 
 
 
James L. Guglielmo
President
ARFHA
(516) 681-9881 
An American 
 
 
STATE OF FLORIDA 
Office of the Governor
  THF. CAPITOL
TALLAHASSEE, FLORIDA 32399-0001
www.flgov.coni
850-48S-7146 
830-487-0801 fax
May 12. 2006

 
Mr. James L. Gugliclrno 
Americans. Reforming Florida's Homestead Act 
4330 Hillcrcst Drive. Building 23- Apartment 907
Hollywood. Florida 33021-7933 

 
 
Dear Mr. Guglieimo: 

 
Thank you for your letter to Governor Bush regarding property taxes and the need for a state personal income tax. Governor Bush has asked me to respond on his behalf. 

 
 
Governor Bush certainly appreciates your concerns regarding the increasingly unfair property tax burden on non-residents in Florida. This is but one of several inequities in our properly tax structure which have become more apparent in recent years. In fact. in its recently ended regular session, the Florida Legislature struggled with all of these issues, but could not find a comprehensive solution because of the complexity of the problem 
 
Consequently, the Legislature commissioned the Florida Department of Revenue to conduct an in-depth study of the property lax structure, with special emphasis on the unequal effects among various groups of taxpayers. 1 know that this sounds like they are trying to avoid the issue, but in all honesty- a thorough understanding of all the consequences of any changes in Florida's property tax system must come before concrete proposals are put forth. This is particularly important because the changes that are likely to be needed will require amendments to the Florida Constitution, which will, in turn. require voter approval. The voters would also have to approve a change in the Florida Constitution to repeal the prohibition against a state personal income tax. 

 
 
Governor Bush definitely recognizes the value that part-time residents bring to our state. That is one reason why he supports further study of the issue so we can understand the best solutions. even though he will be leaving office at the end of this year. 

 
Thank you again for contacting Governor Bush with your concerns. He always appreciates hearing from Florida taxpayers, whether they are permanent residents or seasonal visitors. 
.Sincerely.                     .,
 
Don Langston   
Policy Coordinator 
Finance and Economic Analysis 
DI/msv
 
 
 
James L. Guglielmo
President
America Reforming Florida’s Homestead Act
3588 Ivy Drive
Bethpage, NY 11714-3314
April 27, 2006 
 

Dear Governor Bush: 
 
Our organization has written to you in the past about this current Homestead Act, raising havoc with Florida’s current crop of Snow Birds. We call ourselves “crop of Snow Birds” because we coop in Florida (as per Mayo's article April 13, 2006 Sun-Sentinel) during the winter months, only to eventually be slaughtered (financially) by those with indifference and/or biased Temperament... our so-called Florida lawmakers. We snowbirds are very proud of our ancestors, as to how they structured our constitution… only sorely now, to see it slowly being erroneously interpreted/ ignored by those who deliberately or unknowing levy taxation with disregard toward their fellow Americans' rights, their constitutional rights being violated. If this is not bias practice by our legislators, than it is immaturity. 
 

I may sound emotional in this letter; it is just what kind of feedback I am receiving from my fellow Americans and Foreign friends. -I have been in many precarious situations during my careers, maintaining my composure; I was able to succeed in overcoming the crisis so confronted at the time. However, when confronted with indifference, it is a sorrowful situation that only individuals who have experienced such difficulties can appreciate what I am attempting to relate. Under such trying circumstances, people at times` through frustrations, resort to unorthodox means, to gain some degree of redress from an unjust stigma. At times, such means causes great hardship for all, before the cause is resolved in accordance to our statute. Our legislators can avoid .Such a predicament. 
 

Below is attached a letter I have received from my insurance company. That was waiting for me when I arrived at my "home base," I refer you to the high lighted Paragraph in the letter dated Jan.23, 2006. Now we snow birds must supplement the beleaguered state-run Citizen’s Property Insurance Corp… Implemented for water front properties.  Water front property that is unable to purchase private insurance. My condominium is located three miles west of I-95. I can only call it a “double whammy.” for Snow Birds.
 

How can our legislators execute their responsibilities with a clear conscious? There is something erratically wrong.  One recommendation: insert innovation when planning budgets and taxation. Digress` from this current criteria [in legislating] that is Florida's mod style. 
 

Refine the method employed to distinguish those destitute and those fortunate. One method to mandate... those required to prepare federal tax returns should be compelled to attach a copy (of their federal tax return) to their Florida property taxes when payment is due. Those fortunate Floridians should be required to pay their fair share of Florida property taxes.  To expedite the implementation of federal returns attached to Florida property tax payment, Federal Individual Income tax return data is available from Federal Internal Revenue Bureau. A branch of government, that is available to assists, coming under the heading of Mutual Assistance. 
 

In my estimation, this current system of taxation, by our current crop of legislators are abusing there inherent constitutional powers. Alternatively, lack the intelligence to see that they are straying, from the very fibers of our federal constitutional laws. This is a perfect example what develops, when subjectivity prevails. 
 

This Homestead Act is a form of coercion, compelling citizens to relinquish their freedom of choice in choosing their permanent residency.  
 

I must impress all that have received a copy of this letter and previous letters, ( E-mailed and/or conventional mailing,  pertaining to Homestead Act) who have vested authority granted under our Federal Constitution, are morally required to initiate through direct intervention and or coordination, the means necessary within their authorization, the assistance required to resolve these discriminatory practices. Refraining from involvement violates their elected office, commensurate with condoning such discriminatory laws.  Dispassionate display by our elected officials is the inception of the fall of These United States. This is what our organization believes. 
 

My apology… I attempted to high light the paragraph below, but it did not develop to my expectation. However, you can see clearly the 6.8 percent increases in insurance premiums. 
 

Please respond. 
 
Sincerely, 
 
James L. Guglielmo
President
ARFHA
(516) 681-9881 

 
 
 
 
 
News Columnist 
 
?Michael Mayo
Back to recent columns 
 
With property tax bills soaring, snowbirds might fly their Florida coops
Published April 13, 2006, SUN-SENTINEL
 
There's nothing more annoying than being scrunched into a middle seat on a long flight and overhearing the guy on the aisle brag about his cheap fare, hundreds less than yours. That's sort of how Ellen and Lawrence Klein of Hollywood feel when they get their property tax bill every year.
 
The Kleins are snowbirds who spend winters in Hollywood and the rest of the year in Queens. Because New York is their primary residence, they don't qualify for the $25,000 Florida homestead exemption or the Save Our Homes cap, which limits the rise in assessed value to 3 percent a year.
 
Last year, the tax bill for their one-bedroom, 800-square-foot condo was $1,724, an 18 percent increase over the previous year. Their next-door neighbors, full-time residents who bought into the Hillcrest East building seven years after they did, paid $161.
 
"It's outrageous," said Ellen Klein, 74. "And it's not fair."
 
After all, they're only here five months a year, which means they use less than half the city and county services that year-round residents do. Yet they pay more. Much more.
 
"We end up subsidizing everyone else," said Lawrence Klein, 78, a retired mechanic, U.S. Army veteran and an Auschwitz survivor.
 
The Kleins, who bought the unit for $33,000 in 1988 and paid $580 in property tax that year, live on a fixed income. After seeing their property tax bill double in the last three years, they don't know how much longer they can afford a winter retreat. They say their Florida property tax now exceeds the tax on their Kew Gardens house.
 
"If the taxes keep going up like this, we might be forced to sell," Lawrence Klein said Wednesday. "We'll be back next season, but after that I don't know."
 
Snowbirds are an easy mark, Florida politicians figure, because they do not vote here.
 
And it's no longer just property tax. To bail out the beleaguered state-run Citizen's Property Insurance Corp., legislators are considering special surcharges on policies covering vacation and second homes.
 
The rationale: Those who can afford second homes can afford the expenses that come with them.
 
But the Kleins and other seasonal residents say they're getting to the point where they can't.
 
"You have to cut back on things," Ellen Klein said. "We don't go to shows anymore, we haven't been to the movies all winter. We eat out less, try not to drive much. We used to play golf every week, now we play every other week."
 
As legislators mull certain property tax reforms -- "portability" for homesteaded residents who move, increased exemptions for first-time buyers and public servants such as teachers and police -- there's no concern or proposed relief for seasonal residents.
 
"It's like we're second-class citizens," Ellen Klein said.
 
"Excessive taxation without representation," said James Guglielmo, a winter resident since 1982 at Hillcrest East who has started a grassroots group to protest the tax disparity. His tax bill is nearing $2,000.
 
So why don't snowbirds such as Guglielmo, who returned to his Long Island home this week, and the Kleins simply declare Florida their primary residence? They say that would trigger other tax consequences if they don't first sell their New York homes. And they don't want to.
 
"My grandchildren are there," Ellen Klein said.
 
So now they find themselves squeezed, on the verge of quitting the winter lifestyle they love.
 
Broward Property Appraiser Lori Parrish says don't blame her for enforcing the law. Of 206,000 residential properties without homestead exemptions in Broward, she estimates 70,000 to 80,000 belong to seasonal residents. She said they all have a chance at getting equal treatment by filing for homestead status, but they choose not to.
 
"I feel for everyone, but it's just the way the system works," Parrish said. "My main concern is for the people who live here year-round who can't afford even one home."
 
Said Lawrence Klein: "Over the years we've spent a lot of money here. You get the feeling they're trying to chase us away."
 
Michael Mayo can be reached at mmayo@sun-sentinel.com or 954-356-4508.
 
WALL STREET JOURNAL
 
Tropical Storm
Florida Snowbirds
Challenge Fairness
Of Two-Tier Tax
No Shield From Rising Bills
For Seasonal Residents;
Who Pays for Growth? 
'For Sale' Sign in Longboat Key 
By RAFAEL GERENA-MORALES
 
May 22, 2006; Page A1
 
In late March, hundreds of Florida homeowners jammed the chambers of county commissioners in Fort Pierce, Fla., to protest rising property taxes. Ed McIntosh, a 75-year-old retiree, showed up with a foot-tall stack of complaints from homeowners, 623 letters in all.

He read a batch of them aloud, one tale after another of seasonal residents juggling rising insurance costs, hurricane-repair bills and escalating property taxes, which have more than doubled in five years in parts of the state.

 
Such protests have become commonplace in Florida as the state's snowbirds -- winter residents, who are mostly retirees from the Northeast, Midwest and Canada -- fight back against a tax system they believe is unfair and onerous. Mr. McIntosh, a retired Ford Motor Co. finance manager who lives in Beulah, Mich., spends four months a year along the Atlantic coast in Jensen Beach. He complains that seasonal residents are "being discriminated against...We're carrying the state on our backs."

All across the country, homeowners are complaining about runaway property taxes. In many places, sharp increases in home values are to blame. But Florida's snowbirds are angry about something else -- an unusual dual-bracket tax system. Florida allows municipalities to set the taxable value of properties at different levels for permanent and seasonal residents. There have been cases of snowbirds paying property taxes 10 times as high as those of permanent residents living nearby.

 
Records of the St. Lucie County Property Appraiser show, for example, that one permanent resident of Jensen Beach pays $271 a year in property taxes on a 408-square-foot mobile home built in 1984. Four houses away, a seasonal resident from Pennsylvania pays $3,007 for a 420-square-foot mobile home built in 1987, the records show. The two lots are nearly the same size, according to the records.

The disparities can be "extreme," says Ken Emens, a 59-year-old retiree from New Jersey who became a permanent Florida resident in November. "If anything, part-timers should get a discount because they demand less services," he says.

 
Not surprisingly, many full-time Florida residents, who are shielded by law from big 
property-tax hikes, don't see it that way. Kenneth Wilkinson, a property appraiser from Fort Myers who pushed for the two-tier system, says anyone who owns a second home in Florida should bear higher property taxes because "they created the problem" of rising real-estate values by bidding up prices and by increasing the need for local services.

 
At the heart of the debate: Who should pay for the state's rapid growth? Florida gains, on average, about 1,000 new residents a day, according to the state's economic and demographic research office. It is growing at the third-fastest clip in the nation, after Nevada and Arizona.

Senior citizens led prior growth spurts. This one includes many young families with children. Public-school enrollment has risen about 10% since 2000, leaving localities struggling to pay for additional classrooms and more teachers. County spending on public safety rose nearly 40% between the 2000 and 2004 fiscal years, according to the Florida Department of Financial Services. Transportation-infrastructure spending jumped 42% over the same period.

 
 
In Florida, one of a handful of states that doesn't tax personal income, such costs are mainly the responsibility of county governments. Increasingly, those counties are passing along the costs to the snowbirds, who don't vote.

 
Florida's seasonal residents "are getting slammed," says Dominic M. Calabro, president of Florida TaxWatch, a nonpartisan government watchdog group in Tallahassee. There has been "a tax shift" from permanent to seasonal residents, he says. "We're hearing from people from out of state who are getting hit with extraordinarily high taxes. They're mad as heck and not going to take it anymore."

Florida's two-tier system is rooted partly in a "homestead" exemption that dates back many years. The exemption currently provides permanent residents of the state with an automatic $25,000 reduction in the assessed value of their primary homes. In addition, an amendment to the state constitution that went into effect in 1995, called Save Our Homes, caps the annual increase in assessed property values and taxes at 3% or the rate of inflation, whichever is lower. That too applies only to the primary homes of permanent residents.

 
 
Anyone who owns a home in Florida can become a permanent resident, no matter how much time the homeowner spends in state. A homeowner needs only to submit an affidavit stating his Florida home is his permanent residence. But many snowbirds are unwilling, because switching permanent residence would mean giving up tax breaks or other benefits they get from their home state or nation.

 
For Florida's permanent residents, the property-tax savings have been substantial and are growing. Last year, 28% of the value of Florida's residential real estate, or $362.2 billion in value, was shielded from property taxes, according to Florida's Department of Revenue. That cut the average property-tax bill on the primary homes of state residents by $1,600, the state said.

Property owners who don't qualify as permanent residents, as well as Florida residents who own second homes or rental properties, have watched property-tax bills double over the past five years in many areas.

 
 
Florida isn't the only state to protect some residents from rising property taxes. Many other states limit increases for the elderly or poor. California's landmark Proposition 13 caps property-tax increases on all homes, regardless of the residency status of owners. As a result, when California homes change hands, taxes on them often jump sharply, which has created a disparity between the tax bills of new and longtime homeowners that has drawn criticism. In Florida, recent home buyers who are permanent residents often voice similar complaints, and are as critical of disparities in the state's tax system as are snowbirds.

 
Mr. Wilkinson, the elected real-estate appraiser of Florida's Lee County, calls himself the "proud father" of the Save Our Homes amendment. During the 1980s, property values in parts of Florida were rising at double-digit annual rates. Some residents, especially retirees, worried about being taxed out of their homes. After fielding hundreds of complaints about appraisals, Mr. Wilkinson launched a statewide campaign to cap increases.

 
He spent his weekends collecting signatures at music festivals and other events across the state. It took him four years to amass the more than 600,000 signatures necessary to put the issue on the state's ballot. Florida voters approved the amendment in 1992, and it took effect in 1995.

 
Few full-time Florida residents sympathize with the tax plight of seasonal residents, who are widely perceived to be rich Northerners who can afford to subsidize Florida's growing needs. "These are second homes for them," says Daryl Wilmoth, 57, a Boca Raton resident and retired boat captain in the marine-dredging industry. "If they're prosperous enough to afford two houses, then I think they're prosperous enough to pay the current property-tax rate on their homes." Florida residents who have lived in their homes for a long time deserve the lower tax bills, he says.

 
Florida's average part-time resident isn't as rich as many Floridians imagine. The average annual income of seasonal residents is about $63,000, compared with roughly $53,000 for permanent residents, according to the University of Florida's Bureau of Economic and Business Research. One in five seasonal residents lives in a mobile home, double the rate for full-time residents, bureau data shows.

"Most of the snowbirds are middle-class," says Lance deHaven-Smith, a Florida State University political-science professor. "They're factory workers, truck drivers, people who sold cars, people who worked all their lives. For them, Florida was a dream...The vast majority are cost sensitive."

 
 
Florida has been trying to attract seasonal residents since the early 1900s, when railroad tracks were laid from Jacksonville to Key West, providing easy access for out-of-staters. Various industrial titans became part-time residents, including Thomas Edison, who had a home built in Fort Myers. After World War II, people of more modest means began buying winter bungalows. In 1965, Social Security benefits were benchmarked to inflation and Medicare health benefits were added, boosting the income and financial security of many retirees. Florida became the retirement choice of the masses.

 
Florida now attracts an estimated 1.2 million part-time winter residents, according to the University of Florida's economic-research bureau. The influx represents about 6.3% of the state's peak winter population.

 
Mr. McIntosh, the retired Ford manager, expects to pay about $7,000 in property taxes on his two-bedroom, 850-square-foot home along the Atlantic coast north of Palm Beach. He bought it in November to replace one bought in 1995 and destroyed by a hurricane in 2004.
In January, angry about tax increases, Mr. McIntosh formed a group of seasonal residents to lobby for lower tax rates and for the extension of property-tax caps to seasonal residents. He has fired off hundreds of letters, spoken at meetings of property owners and condominium associations, and appeared on public-access cable television. He has written to a half-dozen Florida legislators and to Gov. Jeb Bush seeking support. Mr. McIntosh's appearance in March before commissioners of St. Lucie County -- with 300 supporters in tow -- was part of that campaign. A spokeswoman for the county commission says that commissioners have discussed reducing tax rates.

Gov. Bush has said the state's property tax caps have created "inequities" by placing a heavier tax burden on new home buyers, seasonal residents and business owners, and that possible solutions should be studied, his spokesman says.

 
 
Any change to the Save Our Homes amendment would require the approval of Florida voters, which many experts say is unlikely. During the legislative session that ended this month, Florida lawmakers proposed a half-dozen different property-tax relief bills, including one to extend tax caps to everyone. None were approved. The state legislature is expected to conduct a study of the state's property tax system next year.

Mr. McIntosh says he will press on. Other seasonal residents are considering leaving. In February, the Morrisey family put their two-bedroom cottage up for sale, in large part because of the rise in property taxes -- to $4,600 in 2005 from $1,800 in 2000. Tom Morrisey, a 55-year-old farmer and beekeeper, says that on his 20-acre farm in Orillia, Ontario, property taxes come to $800 a year. "It's sad," he says, to sell a home due to rising property taxes. The Morriseys have owned the 830-square foot property in Longboat Key, north of Sarasota on the Gulf Coast, for more than 35 years.

 
Another seasonal resident of Longboat Key, Norman Sommers, says he and his wife intend to visit Scottsdale, Ariz., in October to investigate relocating there. Mr. Sommers, 86, a Michigan resident, complains he's paying more than $10,000 a year in taxes on his two-bedroom condo. That's nearly double what permanent Florida residents are paying for similar units in his building, he says.

"I believe in supporting schools, but I don't feel I should pay more than people who live here all year round," he says. "There's only so much I'm willing to take."

 
 
Florida's courts haven't ruled on the legality of the Save Our Homes amendment, although the Florida Supreme Court has upheld the validity of the state's homestead exemption.
Pat Thacke, 61, a New Jersey resident with a two-bedroom condominium in Port St. Lucie, says she has called 25 Florida law firms looking for someone to handle a lawsuit challenging the constitutionality of Florida's property-tax system. For 35 years, she and her husband have spent part of each year in Florida. This year they expect to pay more than $4,000 in property taxes, while a permanent Florida resident with an identical unit across the hall will likely pay about $750, she calculates.

So far, she has been unable to find a lawyer willing to handle a suit. "I feel like I'm being discriminated against," says Ms. Thacke, a retired hospital switchboard operator. "This is taxation without representation...The Florida snowbirds need another Boston Tea Party."
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

      
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
From:	Desiree Cammardella <dcammardella@yahoo.com>
Sent:	Sunday, July 9, 2006 5:32 PM
To:	brendan.watson@gmail.com; dez c; cgriff6712@aol.com; dad; dspice1@aol.com; johnboyjat@yahoo.com; ktwelch@verizon.net; palmettopark1@go.com; perryminflorida@aol.com; siracusajr@yahoo.com; vetranspost@aol.com; waltercanty@verizon.net; wj21stcentury@aol.com; action@stpete.org; bfoster@stpete.org; carter.library@nara.gov; chris.hawes@baynews9.com; comments@whitehouse.gov; council@stpete.org; dhsoighotline@dhs.gov; ewilliams@stpete.org; hrc@hrc.org; j@outintb.com; jbennett@stpete.org; Governor Jeb Bush; john.bryan@stpete.org; jones.dennis.web@flsenate.gov; kbursch@tampabays10.com; ktwelch@pinellascounty.org; larryaclu@aol.com; leg.info@leg.state.fl.us; marykay@smithballard.com; media.bush@nara.gov; Miller, Lesley; nadine@eqfl.org; news@wtvt.com; Newman, Rex; rflowers@stpete.org; rick.baker@stpete.org; rkriseman@stpete.org; sppd@stpete.org; tampa.division@ic.fbi.gov; tampadiv@atf.treas.gov; tom@watermarkonline.com; veteranspost@aol.com; vice_president@whitehouse.gov
Subject:	[*] Palmetto Park Crime Watch Concern

To Whom it May Concern,

A distressing piece of information has come to my
attention regarding the Palmetto Park Crime Watch
Association and its member, Matthew Culp, an esteemed
neighbor of mine.

Matthew has been advised by certain governmental
parties that he is no longer part of our Crime Watch
because of a police report containing absurd and
blatantly false statements.   To state it delicately,
the police report states that he used the "n" word,
(the horribly derogatory word against
African-Americans), against his neighbors, the Conner
family.  The police report also states that he was
confrontational and provocatory against the Conner
family.  This behavior of Matthew's was supposed to
have taken place on the infamous day that both his
house and mine were assaulted by Molotov cocktails.

The part that compounds my distress is that he has
been accused of this behavior, but has not been
allowed to counter them, even though there are
eyewitnesses that can directly contradict all the
nonsensical accusations.   Matthew has been informed
that because of his behavior, as stated by this
"police report", he has been dropped from Crime Watch.

First of all, are we living in Cuba or the U.S.?  This
is so outrageous it's almost unbelievable.  My family
member happens to be one of the eyewitnesses of the
entire fiasco of that day.  There have been no phone
calls to my household by any governmental persons
asking for a retelling of what transpired that day.  

There have been neighborhood meetings in Matthew's
home where he has had to bring an "African-American"
governmental representative to task for using the "N"
word in his home.  This representative was telling an
anecdote and I assume did not realize the
inappropriateness of using that word, even under those
circumstances.  Matthew does not resort to low and
ugly behavior like that, even though that sort of
behavior has been very openly directed toward him time
and time again.   

I'd like to get some answers on how something like
this can happen.  An honorable man's name has been
smeared without his even being allowed to confront and
defend himself against the accusations.  

In summary, I'd like to see if there is honor left
among our governmental representatives and a true
belief in what our country represents.  Things like
preservation of our freedom, innocent before being
proven guily, civil liberties, rights, etc.  I don't
want to have to turn into a complete cynic when it
comes to government and politics.   I'd also like to
feel that our soldiers fighting in Iraq are not doing
it in vain.  But, rest assured, if whatever answers or
action received are not satistory, this outrage will
not and cannot be taken lying down.  It will be
escalated, by whatver means possible, if there is not
a correct handling of this situation.

Thank you in advance for your prompt attention to this
matter.

Desiree Cammardella, Citizen
Palmetto Park Neighborhood
2662 2nd Ave. South
St. Petersburg, FL  33712
(727) 251-2107



__________________________________________________
Do You Yahoo!?
Tired of spam?  Yahoo! Mail has the best spam protection around 
http://mail.yahoo.com 
From:	Don Shetterly <don@donshetterly.com>
Sent:	Sunday, July 9, 2006 5:17 PM
To:	president@whitehouse.gov
Cc:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Website Responsibility

Dear President Bush,
I'm very concerned by a website and even though I've tried to address my point to them, they act as if this is not their problem.  If you go to http://miami.craigslist.org/ths/ (the therapeutic services section) which should be for things like legitimate massage, you will see all kinds of sexual and unlicensed services listed there.  I know that Craig's List claims that people need to flag the ads so that they get removed but it would take many people serious time in order to keep these ads off of here.  They show up day after day.  
 
I am a licensed massage therapist and I find this very sad that Craig's List does not feel they have a responsibility to stop the posting of illegal activity on their website.  You can go up there almost any day and find the sexual, unlicensed advertisements.  It was not easy for me to become a massage therapist in florida and to get my license but when I see activities such as this go on, it makes me question the validity of a profession.  I do feel we need licensure for people who do massage, but I feel there needs to be responsibility by websites such as Craig List to at least attempt to stop the post of illegal activity.
 
Is there anything you or the justice department can do to help clean this site up?  Craig's List seems to not care at all about what is posted to their site.  I do realize we all have freedom of speech but I question if something is illegal, how can it be allowed to be posted on a site?
 
Thank you for hearing my concerns and I do hope something can be done on this.
 
Thank you,
Don Shetterly
Miami, FL.
 
Check Out - Don's Relaxing Piano Music!
http://www.donshetterly.com
 
 
 
From:	w_patte1932@bellsouth.net
Sent:	Sunday, July 9, 2006 4:33 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Orange CRop Situation

Gov. Bush, I saw on Fox News today where your state may have as much as 6 millions bushels of oranges that will go unpicked.  Understand the reason is they cannot find people to pick the oranges.
NOw what I am about to say plase do not think I am cold hearted.  But if you state is anything like mine you have thousands of ABLE BOIDIED PEO0LE that are drawing a monthly welfare check and have been for several years.  Whar is wrong with putting these people out there to pick the oranges or cut the welfare check off.  
They could draw the welfare check and be paid per hour to pick the oranges.  Now Gov. I am talking about people that there is nothing wrong them that would prevent them from picking.
 
I have thrown this suggestion at our federal government as well as the California goverment.
That way we could send a bunch of the illegals home and save the taxpayers millions of dollars at the same time.
Thanks
Wm. Patterson
From:	LJMoller@aol.com
Sent:	Sunday, July 9, 2006 3:54 PM
To:	Mark.Glisson@dep.state.fl.us; eva.armstrong@dep.state.fl.us; Governor Jeb Bush
Cc:	BARJNPWLL@aol.com
Subject:	oldest living animal in FL

Mark
I just received a document from Nova SE U. in which they talk about the oldest living animal, coral, in FL living just south of the Ft Lauderdale ship inlet.  This is the area that a pipe line has been approved to go through. I am sure DEP/DSL will make sure this pipe line on Trustee property is fully protected against damage during construction, after construction and during hurricane events from this needed natural gas pipe.
 
Jack Moller
From:	SRene HM <steverene11@hotmail.com>
Sent:	Sunday, July 9, 2006 3:10 PM
To:	FLMontero@aol.com
Cc:	Larry.King.Live@cnn.com; Questions@MsNBC.com; Joe.Lieberman@lieberman.senate.gov; John.McCain@mccain.senate.gov; Dateline@MsNBC.com; Governor Jeb Bush; Ted.Kennedy@kennedy.senate.gov; washingtonpost.com
Subject:	Recent MsNBC Questions: A GoodWill Hunting Story?

  
Sunday, July 09, 2006


Recent MsNBC Questions: A GoodWill Hunting Story? 


A GoodWill Hunting Story:

A number of people have suggested thinking differently, ending bickering and/or fostering [global] cooperation?

Recently Officials at the University of Cambridge, where Stephen Hawking is a mathematics professor, confirmed that Hawking wrote a message but said he would have no further comment. Hawking's question: "In a world that is in chaos politically, socially and environmentally, how can the human race sustain another 100 years?"

Hawking's groundbreaking research on black holes and the origins of the universe has made him one of the best-known theoretical physicists of his generation. Author of the global best seller "A Brief History of Time," Hawking is known for proposing that space and time have no beginning and no end - [but human life always will].

Lately, he's been pondering about the fate of [the] human [race].

In a June 13 speech in Hong Kong, Hawking said the survival of the human race depends on its ability to find new homes elsewhere in the universe because there's an increasing risk that a disaster will destroy Earth.

He said that if humans can avoid killing themselves in the next 100 years, they should have space settlements that can continue without support from Earth.

Hawking is one of 10 celebrity questioners Yahoo solicited as part of its "Ask The Planet" campaign. The Sunnyvale, Calif., Internet company spent weeks trying to track 

Hawking down but got his participation within a day of reaching the correct assistant, said Patrick Crane, vice president of marketing for Yahoo Search. The question was submitted a few days before the Hong Kong speech and posted this past Wednesday.

Over the next week, Yahoo employees are expected to work with Hawking to sift through the answers and select one or several to highlight as best responses.

Yahoo Answers, like an offering from Google Inc. And one planned by Microsoft Corp., is among the services aimed at tapping the collective intelligence. It's based on the premise that humans as a group can do a better job at finding information than machines or any single person can.

Anyone can ask or answer a question, regardless of expertise, although Yahoo will eventually implement a rating system meant to elevate users with better reputations, based on their past [experience] in asking [meaningful questions] and getting [solid meaningful] answers [from those with the political will, finances and a global super power willing to help to make it happen].

Past celebrity participants include Donald Trump, Isaiah Washington, Al Gore and "Click & Clack," the hosts of NPR's "Car Talk." U2 lead singer Bono closed the celebrity series Friday by asking, "What can we do to make poverty and the destruction of family unity history?"
----------------

Hawking is known for proposing that space and time have no beginning and no end - [but human life always will].
----------------
But Have WE as a Human Race Together Tried to Save a Life on this Planet - Today?
----------------
Stephen Rene
www.ParentsWhoCare.us - Family Law Reform
www.EBusinessProfessionals.us - HealthCare Reform
www.myOLAauction.us - E-commerce Reform
You Can Earn Even More Online Today w/OLA.com - #2 to eBay in just 6 months!
Mobile: 818-468-7985
Powered By GoDaddy.com
---------
Bio: http://ebusinesspros.expage.com
Blog: http://FathersWhoCare.blogspot.com
------------
"Together - We Can Continue to Make a Difference - Everyday!" 

			
 
From:	Mr. Younkin <jyou742554@aol.com>
Sent:	Sunday, July 9, 2006 2:14 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Check Out Answer #2296

Mr. Younkin
42035 Ash Ave.
Deland, FL 32720-6299


July 9, 2006

The Honorable Jeb Bush
Governor of Florida
The Capitol, 400 S. Monroe St.
Tallahassee, FL 32399-0001


Dear Governor Bush:

http://answers.yahoo.com/question/index;_ylt=ArItq_Okp3CWYoFaiVjGnYwezKIX?q
id=20060627203757AA4oohj&r=w&cp=77&tp=80#all-answers

i voted for you, but you might be responcible for this thius very bad 
thing...please fix it...be4 we become a police state...

Sincerely, 


Mr. Younkin
352-589-2375


From:	Nbfor139@aol.com
Sent:	Sunday, July 9, 2006 1:42 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush; Janice.Laxton@mail.house.gov; Cretul, Larry; murtha.michael.s14@flsenate.gov; publicaffairs@mail.dc.state.fl.us; speakout@foxnews.com
Subject:	Florida DOC
Attachments:	DOC Critque 2.rtf

Please Consider.
From:	SRene NZ <steverene11@netzero.com>
Sent:	Sunday, July 9, 2006 12:48 PM
To:	FLMontero@aol.com
Cc:	Larry.King.Live@cnn.com; Governor Jeb Bush; John.McCain@mccain.senate.gov; Dateline@MsNBC.com; AlPhyllisJones2005@msn.com; Ted.Kennedy@kennedy.senate.gov; Joe.Lieberman@lieberman.senate.gov; Questions@MsNBC.com
Subject:	Welcome to the Governor's Ex-Offender Taskforce

  


Welcome to the Governor's Ex-Offender Taskforce - ARE NOT non-custodial Mom's and Dad's in need of the Same Protections in our Society Today? 


THE LAND OF THE SECOND CHANCE

One State recently announced a NEW program - Florida is committed to the ideal of America being the land of second chances, as expressed by the President of the United States who declared: "When the gates of the prison open, the path ahead should lead to a better life."

There are currently 86,000 inmates in Florida's prisons, of which over 26,000 are expected to be released within the coming year.

Successful reentry and reintegration in one's community is a matter of critical import to the public's safety.

Without successful re-entry into one's community, recidivism is likely to occur, to the great detriment to the public safety, Florida's communities, families, taxpayers, and individual ex-offenders.

There is hereby created the Governor's Ex-Offender Task Force formed to help improve the effectiveness of the State of Florida in facilitating the re-entry of ex-offenders into their communities so as to reduce the incidence of recidivism.

Governors' Charge to the Task Force:

1. Identify barriers to successful reentry - legal, policy, structural, organizational, and practical barriers to successful reentry.
2. Recommend reforms that will eliminate barriers to successful reentry
3. Recommend implementation strategies.
4. Recommend measures to assess the effectiveness of the reforms.

THE NEXT TASK FORCE MEETING:

Monday, June 26 at the Quorum Hotel in Tampa, FL from 9:00 am to 5:00 PM

The Ex-offender Re-entry Summit sponsored by the US Attorney's Office and Abe Brown Ministries on June 27-28

BRAVO - You are seeing and listening to the TRUTH!
-------------------------
Can the Family LAW Legal System be made easier Legally too...YES!

"ONLY when we truly start to help one another - we will in the end - ultimately - help ourselves."

"We are all human, none of us perfect, prone to making mistakes. But it is how we as a people re-act to them and help expose these basic human rights violations, if not, correct them, and modify those unethical acts...that truly matter." SRene2005

"What is Our Deepest Fear? Could it be That by Helping Others it might lead to a more loving and understanding society built on equality regardless of gender, creed, race or religion in honor of our US Constitution?" SRene2005

"Ask Not - What WE can do to only help ourselves - today?
Ask instead - What WE CAN ALL do to HELP one another share in Saving a LIFE - today.

It Starts One Person at a Time
But will - in the END - Multiply One Hundred Fold
If We Together will only TRY to Share Our LOVE with others - Everyday!" SRene2005

WATCH The Weather Man - In this FILM - Cage's character debates his professional versus his personal issues and by doing so turns his FATE and LIFE into a relative success - in the end...!
--------------

"Can WE NOW SEE that by Sharing and Saving Lives - WE CAN and WILL Succeed in showing the WORLD WE CAN LOVE and not teach hate TO OUR Children - as this is the only way WE WILL Survive and Live Together - Domestically, Globally and Internationally - in the future!" SRene2005

 
 
Stephen Rene
www.myOLAauction.us - The #2 site to eBaY!
You Can Earn Even More Online Today w/OLA!
Mobile: 818-468-7985
---------
Bio: http://ebusinesspros.expage.com
Blog: http://FathersWhoCare.blogspot.com
------------
"Together - We Can Continue to Make a Difference - Everyday!"
 
			
 
From:	Julie Ann Waid <julieann@waidwrites.com>
Sent:	Sunday, July 9, 2006 12:24 PM
To:	energy@dep.state.fl.us
Cc:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Proposed Energy Plan

Dear Florida DEP & Governor Bush:
 
I think the proposed energy plan is an excellent first step.  Investing in alternative energy and conservation efforts is not just an investment in dollars, it's an investment in our future and the future of our children.
 
We have reached a "now or never" point when it comes to our dependance on fossil fuel and what it means to the continuing deterioration of our planet--the only one we've got!  Critics say we may be saving dollars and jobs now by not investing in alternative fuel technologies and conservation efforts, but the price our planet and our children will pay in the very-near future will fundamentally eclipse any "dollar savings" we get by not investing in alternative energy sources.  They will pay with their lives, and as a Floridian, an American, and a resident of this planet---this scenario scares me to death. 
 
I'm not anyone special--just an ordinary taxpayer with an eleven-week-old nephew I love more than life itself, and I want nothing more than for him to inherit a safe, clean world.  He doesn't deserve the road we've put him on, but WE HAVE THE POWER TO STOP IT!  All we have to do... is do it. 
 
I applaud Governor Bush for this very important Act and I hope its implementation is swift and results of its efforts even swifter.  Please, if we don't make the effort to save our children and their world---who's going to?
 
Sincerely,
Julie Ann Waid
Coconut Creek, FL 
julieann@waidwrites.com 
From:	WHTKNIGNT@comcast.net
Sent:	Sunday, July 9, 2006 12:25 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	[*] Give us J.M. EVANS as our next Sheriff. A real Sheriff.

Help the people of Broward. Give us J.M. EVANS as our next Sheriff. A real Sheriff.
 
From:	WHTKNIGNT@comcast.net
Sent:	Sunday, July 9, 2006 12:22 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	[*] Give us J.M. EVANS, an honest man/Sheriff.

We deserve better than Ken the crook. Give us J.M. EVANS, an honest man/Sheriff.
From:	FOXYFAYE2004@aol.com
Sent:	Sunday, July 9, 2006 11:53 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	[*] Check out Does This American Help Run Al-Qaida?

Does This American Help Run Al-Qaida? ohhhhhhh how nieve  our government is..... lets all just get along....these people do not,,,,,, repeat,,,,,,, do not believe in our culture......i have no problems of someone wanting to come to the states for a better life....but why in the hell do we Born Americans have to watch our country turn into forms of other countries......I was raised in Detroit..... now its nothing but illegal immigrants and arabs.......  the town of Dearborn is a SHRINE OF ARAB COUNTRY...... why do we Born Americans have to change our ways ........  to  the foreigners   ..... the sounds of there shrilling chanting  on American soil in the streets..... come on.....  can we go to there countries and do the American ways, hell no ....                                             TO OUR GOVERNMENT PUT BACK UP OUR AMERICAN FLAG SO WE AMERICA, CAN BE PROUD AGAIN....  STOP CHANGING AMERICA TO SUIT PEOPLE THAT COME OVER ......... LET THEM ADAPT TO AMERICA........... 
From:	Sonja Elliott <sonja.elliott@mchsi.com>
Sent:	Sunday, July 9, 2006 12:41 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	[*] Re:  Walton County Florida

Governor,
 
With all respect that is due, are you aware of some type of Military Operation in Walton County between Hwy 20 and the gulf?  As a homeowner and resident of this state for 30+ years, I will tell you that we are seeing, observing, hearing and documenting things in this area that have only been noticed during the past fw years.  After we were noticed doing the opbserving, we have been tormented by a group that we can only believe to be our military.
 
We have taken photographs of objects in the air that are not from this world, we have seen a type of cloaking in our immediate surroundings that is inclusive of 'invisible' buildings made of a Tesla type material jumping down the roadways, entire crafts landing primarily in a parking lot belonging to military investors known as Sand Cliffs .  They have a condominium unit and a housing development-one, I may add, that is continually under construction yet nothing changes.
 
We have observed hummer crafts in the middle of the night.   Things are projected onto the rooftops here and actual voices of men cross the street in search of them..voices, not bodies.
 
I sthis some futuristic warfare attempt brought on by all of these satellites that convene on our area nightly?..When the satellites arrive, at times we can see them emitting a reddish colored vapor over the communities.
 
Mr. Bush, we have thousands of photos of this stuff.  We are being tormented.  We are being followed now.  There is evidence that our homes are now bugged as well as our telephone lines and e-mails.  There will surely be reprecussions after I send this e-mail.  we have questions.  We have involved the police.  They do not have the time for this.  Only someone at your level of government would truly know what we feel that we have known for a long time.  Denial is one thing that is just not supported by the evedence that we have managed to obtain.
 
Also, there is an ongoing experiment here with cloud coverage.  Over the same said condo unit, the manipulation of the clouds is amazing.  They have shown me my daughter, my husband and myself-dead and entering a casket.  How's that for our governement?  Did I just get too close, so close that my iown country feels so threatened that they must use fear tactics?
 
From all that has been seen and documented in this area, we believe that the US Navy and Airforce are involved in these proceedures.  We believe that the real estate market so out-priced the surrounding 2 counties of Bay and Okaloosa to keep people out of here in order that these experiments might thrive.  We believe that we are living in the middle of covert activites that ultimately harm all of the residents here.  We would like the truth.  We would like your office to know that we do know..the truth.  
 
we would like for the governement to remember that it is illegal to conduct any military experiemtal proceedures over residential land, especially through our yards and into our own homes.  Please address this issue.  We are alerting the public here.  We do expect a public outcry of the highest degree.  We have worked, scrimped and saved to be able to live on the beach and our country now has the audascity to create hell on earth for us.
 
Please check into Special/Black Operations in the area.  Seagrove Beach. Walton County. Florida.
We'd appreciate your doing some research and getting back to us at this e-mail address.
 
thank you in advance..
From:	Joseph Meadows <rockthedam@yahoo.com>
Sent:	Sunday, July 9, 2006 11:23 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	question...

I know this might be a little late in your tenure, but is there anything that can be done, at the state level, about controlling growth/development and promoting smart growth so that people don't have to drive as much?  
 
Thanks, 
Joe Meadows


"Rock over London, Rock on Chicago..." -Wesley Willis

  _____  

Yahoo! Music Unlimited - Access over 1 million songs. Try it free. 
From:	Stone Taylor <dst9@netcommander.com>
Sent:	Sunday, July 9, 2006 11:16 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	HCA, North Florida Regional Medical Center
Attachments:	north florida regional.doc

Dear Governor Bush:
 
I originally thought I would send this to you via regular mail, but now realize the efficiency of e-mail.  Please forgive the lack of formality.
 
I would like to add to this letter additional information which has been sent to Senator Bill Nelson's office.  North Florida Regional recently remodeled their lobby to the tune of millions of dollars.  The lobby now contains  a full wall waterfall, state of the art elevators worthy of the Ritz-Carlton, and beautiful furnishings.  I view such elegance as a waste of my money and every other patient/client who is either paying their bill or is paying via healthcare insurance premiums.  At no time was I consulted on the best use of MY money.  Such "non-essentials" are a major source of "rising healthcare costs" and further illustrate the complete lack of financial responsibility on the part of those making such decisions.  
 
I would like to add that I do intend to pay this bill, but under my terms and conditions and not those of an organization with such lack of regard for the customer.
 
Sincerely and respectfully,
Dorothy Stone
From:	dallas fox <deadtongue@hotmail.com>
Sent:	Sunday, July 9, 2006 10:18 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush

Sir:
I have just read the news story below...
Wheelchair-confined Richard Paey committed almost exactly the same 
violations of Florida prescription drug laws that radio personality Rush 
Limbaugh did, with a different result: Limbaugh's sentence, in May, was 
addiction treatment, and Paey's, in 2004, was 25 years in prison. Both 
illegally possessed large quantities of painkillers for personal use, which 
Paey defiantly argued was (and will be) necessary to relieve nearly constant 
pain from unsuccessful spinal surgeries after an auto accident, but which 
Limbaugh admitted was simply the result of addiction. (In fact, if Limbaugh 
complies with his plea bargain, his conviction will be erased.) Paey's 
sentence now rests with a state Court of Appeal. [Tampa Tribune, 2-8-06]
How can this be true?  If the sentence Mr. Paey received is fair, why is Mr. 
Limbaugh not being placed in the next cell?  I actually watched the show 
where Mr. Limbaugh said that white guys who do drugs illegally should do 
jail time, so why not let him live thru that?
Or better yet, put Mr. Paey into a rehab program, and do the right thing.

Respectfully,
Dallas Fox
Birmingham, Al


From:	Kwellsd@aol.com
Sent:	Sunday, July 9, 2006 10:15 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	[*] Plan for hurricains

Dear sir,
    I can see that you have given this topic a grate deal of time and effert.You have come up with some very good ideas that are now practice.However,one of these ideas is,I beleive,based on a false premuse.The thought that gas was not avl.do to the lack of power my have been true in a small number of cases.but moreover,the case was that noone had gas in the ground do to the people getting ready for the storm and evac.
   I don't have studies to back this up ,but I personally saw this with my own eyes.The lines before the storm where impossible and you could only get gas at one station in Deland because all the rest where dry long before the storms even hit the West coast.Part of your plain needs to deal with this issue.
   Thank you for doing something about this finely as others before you have not!
                                                                               David R. Althouse
                                                                               33005 SR44
                                                                               Deland,FL
                                                                                           32720
From:	NRUTSKI@aol.com
Sent:	Sunday, July 9, 2006 9:50 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	letter to governor

Xavier Narutowicz

183 Maria CT

Punta Gorda, FL 33950

9941-286-0948

 

President Bush has a new body language, he throws his arms out wide and shrugs his shoulders and gets a perplexed look; he shows us he is extremely anxious, everything he does is wrong and he is called a liar and a reprobate. It is the look of a man who has no clue, whose faith in his wisdom has been sorely tested by bad experience; yet, he persists in the same old failed policies with the same old failed advisers. It’s hard being the President of the United States. It’s impossible, you can’t please any of the people any of the time. It is especially lousy when the “Best and Brightest,” the supposed elite thinkers of America, are no better than the rabble. Just look at the ranting of Paul Krugman (and Krugman has some good ideas) when it comes to Bush, it’s nasty and personal and has nothing to do with ideas or disagreements on issues.

 

President Bush represents America. Most of his policies are what we wanted. We wanted lower taxes; we wanted the war on terrorism and we relished the thought of easy victory in Iraq. We as a nation are just as perplexed as Bush our minds have not caught up with our problems and we are in a time warp fighting new battles with old and tired solutions, solutions that should find their place in the nearest land fill, a land fill fortified to keep the contamination from eroding into the rivers of our minds. It is too late, our minds are a reservoir for the inane, a cesspool of putrefied garbage. And we, in our effete dash of splendor, adorn the adulterated truth by pronouncing our incompetence with a French flair “Garrr...bage.”

 

 

 

From:	Beverley Rawsthorn <britishrose@cox.net>
Sent:	Sunday, July 9, 2006 9:47 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush; broberts@co.okaloosa.fl.us; damunds@co.okaloosa.fl.us; jcampbell@co.okaloosa.fl.us; scampbell@co.okaloosa.fl.us; etucker@co.okaloosa.fl.us; letters@nwfdailynews.com
Subject:	Spineless Okaloosa County Commissioners

  

SPINELESS OKALOOSA COUNTY COMMISSIONERS

 

Congratulations Okaloosa County Commissioners for being so spineless and inconsiderate to the people of Okaloosa County who pay your salaries! Was it to much trouble for you to make a decision to help protect our families, homes and belongings from the dangers of fireworks? According to your mission statement “health, safety, and well-being of the citizens; leadership; and stewardship are part of your purpose, what happened? 

 

Law enforcement (through your neglect to do your jobs properly) had to direct their attentions to all the war zones of Okaloosa County to attempt to stop the use of illegal fireworks and inconsiderate individuals who choose to disturb citizens and pose fire risks for days before and after the 4th with their illegal behavior.  However, thanks once again to you their hands are tired in enforcing the law. 

They are the fun part of the Fourth of July for many people, but in the wrong hands, fireworks can have explosive consequences. The safest way to enjoy Fourth of July celebrations is by attending public fireworks displays conducted by professional pyrotechnicians. 

It’s a “no brainer” it’s time to ban all consumer fireworks and back up law enforcement in doing their jobs instead of tying their hands. It’s also time to stop wasting citizen’s hard earned money putting laws on the books and not allowing law enforcement to enforce the laws.

Beverley Rawsthorn

1820 Madelons Path

Ft. Walton Beach, FL 32547

850-862-4038

 

Margaret Rawsthorn

1814 Madelons Path

Ft. Walton Beach, FL 32547

850-863-3983

ukroses@cox.net

From:	macho.rodriguez@us.army.mil
Sent:	Sunday, July 9, 2006 9:07 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	[*] Thank You    :-)
Attachments:	652 COMPANY PHOTO.pdf

                                           SSG RODRIGUEZ, EDWIN J.
                                              652nd MP COMPANY
                                              ABU GHRAIB, IRAQ

 

 

Dear Mr. Bush:


It is SSG Rodriguez again.  I just want to say Thank You for your attention to the email I sent to you before.  Some body from the department of education contacted my wife and listen to her.  She is pleased with the input that person wave to her.  My son was accepted in another school and we think that he will receive the assistance that he needs for his learning problem. I am proud to be part of the Florida National Guard and the US Army. Attached it is a picture of our unit.


I just want to let you know Sir: 
“When you help one of us you help all of us.”  

 


Thank You one’s again:

SSG Edwin J. Rodriguez


From:	Altaf Naseem <altaf1@wol.net.pk>
Sent:	Sunday, July 9, 2006 9:06 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	from Pakistan


Dear Gov. jeb Bush and family
 
While July 4th is still fresh, we may send
 you the following for your interest.
 
America, is a great land, and you are a 
wonderful nation.
May the Lord  Protect your liberties from 
the liberals. We do not have the freedom
here, that you enjoy in US. Rejoice.Rise Up!
 
 
Serving in Asia, 
 
Altaf, Eileen and Annan
www.arkhaven.org/pakistan.htm
-------------------------------------------

Interesting facts:  July 4th


* This year marks 230 years since our Founding Fathers gave us our National Birth Certificate. 

* We continue to be the longest on-going Constitutional Republic in the history of the world.

 Blessings such as these are not by chance or accidental. They are blessings of God. 

* On July 2, 1776, Congress voted to approve a complete separation from Great Britain. 

* Two days afterwards – July 4th – the early draft of the Declaration of Independence was

 signed, albeit by only two individuals at that time: John Hancock, President of Congress, and 

Charles Thompson, Secretary of Congress. 

* Four days later, on July 8, members of Congress took that document and read it aloud from

 the steps of Independence Hall, proclaiming it to the city of Philadelphia, after which the 

Liberty Bell was rung.

* The inscription around the top of that bell, Leviticus 25:10, was most appropriate for

 the occasion: “Proclaim liberty throughout the land and to all the inhabitants thereof.” 

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

PS: Its safe to visit our web page

From:	Bill Francis <zachary39@hotmail.com>
Sent:	Sunday, July 9, 2006 9:00 AM
To:	Baker, Carey; Baxley, Dennis; Governor Jeb Bush; cfo@dfs.state.fl.us; cfo@fldfs.com
Subject:	FW: Free market would sort out insurance mess - Orlando Sentinel : News Columnis
Attachments:	text5.txt

Gentlemen:

Interesting article about homeowners insurance, seems like I'm far from 
alone on this issue.

Regards,

Bill Francis

----Original Message Follows----
From: "Bill" <wfrancis1@earthlink.net>
To: <zachary39@hotmail.com>
Subject: Free market would sort out insurance mess - Orlando Sentinel : News 
Columnists
Date: Sun, 9 Jul 2006 08:57:56 -0400


http://www.orlandosentinel.com/news/columnists/orl-miket0906jul09,0,1939808.column

From:	CHARN-CHEN DAI <toto_vic_1001@hotmail.com>
Sent:	Sunday, July 9, 2006 7:40 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Cc:	toto_vic_1001@hotmail.com
Subject:	FW: Important Info for Solving Multiple Problems !






  _____  

From: "CHARN-CHEN DAI" <toto_vic_1001@hotmail.com>
To: president@whitehouse.gov
CC: scheduling@owjc.org, mayor@mail.tcg.gov.tw, chairman@pfp.org.tw, shiun@npf.org.tw, lee_hsien_loong@pmo.gov.sg, goh_chok_tong@pmo.gov.sg, toto_vic_1001@hotmail.com
Subject: Important Info for Solving Multiple Problems !
Date: Fri, 07 Jul 2006 06:39:18 -0500


TO: President George W. Bush, The President of The United States

Dear President Bush:

In order to solve multiple problems simultaneously, I have a suggestion which requires multilateral talk among several political VIPs to reach an agreement.

In order to solve the multiple problems, the political VIPs listed under the above "CC:" section are strongly advised to attend the multilateral talk (note: the talk is good for all the attendant political VIPs).

If my above suggestion is not accepted and no one else proposes an acceptable solution, my only choice is to find a lawyer (or an agency) to represent me to solve all my problems (which include 1998 problems, 
1999 problems, so on, up to this year problems).

Although I do not have any telephone, but you still can reach me by calling 65-98574439 or 65-96224905 or 65-62819832.

Sincerely yours,

Charn-Chen Dai, 7 July 2006 (Singapore Time)



From:	GEORGE LOPEZ <Sweetzizz@aol.com>
Sent:	Sunday, July 9, 2006 5:24 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	PLEASE SAVE THE REAL UNITED STATES CITIZENS FROM THESE TRAITORS

GEORGE LOPEZ
3010 ESTARA AVE.
LOS ANGELES, CA 90065-2205


July 9, 2006

The Honorable Jeb Bush
Governor of Florida
The Capitol, 400 S. Monroe St.
Tallahassee, FL 32399-0001


 Governor Bush:

ARE YOU GOING TO LET THE MEXICANS MOACH OUR LAWS & OVER RUN OUR GOVENMENT 
WHILE YOU SEND BLACK HAITIANS TO THAT ISLAND TO BE KILLED? HOW FAIR IS 
THAT? I HAVE PERSONALY SPOKE TO MANY MEXICANS NON AMERICAN AND SOME OF THE 
BLIND MEXICAN AMERICAN ONES AND DO YOU KNOW THEY FEEL THEY REALLY CAN 
INVADE & TAKE THIS LAND BACK FROM THE WHITE MAN AND OPPRESE THE BLACKS? 
SURPRISE! THE WORLD IS WATCHING WHO'S RUNNING THE UNITED STATES ILLEGALS 
OR OUR CURRENT POLITICAIANS & LAW MAKERS & LEGAL CITIZENS? IT IS VERY EASY 
TO MISSLEAD AND USE UN EDJUCATED AND UNDOCUMENTED PEOPLE FROM SOUTH OF OUR 
BORDERS... THE PROBLEM IS SOME ILLEGALS WERE BORN UNDOCUMENTED IN THERE 
OWN LAND SOME CRIMINAL SOME NOT. BUT WHEN YOU JUST CROSS OUR BORDER WITH 
OUT NOTICE ISNT THAT THE START TO LAW BREAKING AND CRIMINAL ACTIVETIES? 
MANY MEXICANS HERE AND SOUTH OF OUR BORDER HATE WHITES BLACKS AND ANYTHING 
BETWEEN THAT WITH A PASSION EVEN TO DEATH.  WE WERE FINE BE FOR THE MAD 
MEXICAN INVASION RUSH WE WILL BE FINE & BOUNCE BACK WERE THE UNITED STATES 
DAMIT! THERE ARE ALREADY MILLIONS OF UNEMPLOYED PEOPLE HERE. ANYWAYS MORE 
IMMIGRANTS WILL COME THRU LEGAL CHANNELS HOPEFULLY THE ONES WITH REAL LOVE 
FOR THE U.S WHO REALLY WANT TO LIVE HERE WITH US IN PEACE. MY FAMILIY CAME 
TO THE UNITED STATES FROM ONE OF THE WEST INDIES ISLANDS SOUTH OF FLORIDA 
THRU LEGAL CHANNELS THE CORRECT WAY. MY CREOLE GRANDFATHER CAME HERE 
WORKED HARD THEN PAID FOR ALL SEVEN OF HIS KIDS AND TWO WIVIES TO COME 
HERE LEGALY. THE MEXICAN GOVERNMENT WON'T KILL UP TO 30 MILLION OF THERE 
OWN PEOPLE WHEN THEY RETURN! BESIDES ARENT A LOT OF COMPANIES & FACTORIES 
MOVING OVER THERE TO MEXICO AND OTHER PLACES?  AND WHAT IS THE MEXICAN 
GOVERNTMENT DOING FOR THOSE POOR UNEDJUCATED PEOPLE OVER THERE? I HOPE 
THERE NOT STILL NOT IMPORTING THERE PRESIDENTS FROM SPAIN.  ALL THAT LAND 
THEY ARE SO PROUD OF BRAGING ABOUT IT WHEN THEY COME HERE SO WHY DON’T 
THOSE MUTT ASIAN NATIVES INDIANS THAT MIRAGATED A LONG TIME AGO TO CURRENT 
MEXICO GO BACK & TAKE IT BACK? I BELIEVE THEY SHOULD GO BACK & FOLLOW THE 
PROCCES GO THRU ALL THE PECEDERS. 

THEY ARE BREAKING DOWN OUR GOVERNMENT & STATE ASSISTANCE PROGRAMS MORAL 
AND WAGES IN THE WORK FORCE STRUCTUE AND MANY OTHER INDUSTIES THINGS 
OPPROTUNIES THAT A VALID CITIZEN RELIES ON. AT THIS RATE IN THE NEXT 50 
YEARS THIS WONT BE THE UNITED STATES IT WILL BE BROKIN DOWN INTO THE 
UNITED STATES OF MEXICO. RIGHT NOW OR NATION IS VERY VORNARABLE AS MORE OF 
THEM INVADE OUR LAND. HOW CAN YOU TRUST A PEOPLE WHO SECRETLY WANT TO HURT 
OR CONSPIER AGANST YOU MAINLY TARGETING DESINDANTS OF EURPORE & AFRICAN 
DECENT? THEY ARE IN A GOOD POSITION TO BARGIN WITH KNOWN OR UNKNOW 
TERROISTS AND OTHER NON US ALILES TO FOLLOW THRU WITH THERE PLANS SO THEY 
CAN CAUSE DESTRUCTION AND SPLIT THE SPOOLES OF THIS LAND OR RECIVE GOODS 
FROM THEM. MANY CITIZENS AND LEGAL IMMIGATES BELIEVE THE FAIR THING TO DO 
IS SENDING THEM BACK AND FOLLOW THE LAWS AND PROCESS. I BELIVE THIS WILL 
HELP RESTUCTURE AND SECURE OUR COUNRTY AND BORDERS FROM MANY MORE PEOPLE 
WOULD FEEL THAT NEGATIVE TO THE PEOPLE OF THE UNITED STATES. THIS COUNTRY 
SHOULD NOT SHOW WEAKNES AT THIS TIME. HOW MANY OTHER NATIONS OUT THERE 
WOULD NOT LET BETWEEN 13 MILLION PLUS HATING ILLEGALS HOP OVER OUR WALLS 
AND BORDERS ILLEGALY AND DEMAND AND PUSH OUR GOVERNMENT TO DO WHAT THEY 
PLEASE. THEY DON’T EVEN PUT UP AMERICAN FLAGS WHAT A BIG SLAP IN OUR 
PEOPLES FACE. POINT IS WE HAVE LAWS HERE AND WE WANT TO INFORSE THEM AND 
INSURE OUR SECURITY AND THAT’S IT. WHY SHOULD WE GIVE MEXICAN CHILDREN 
INSURANCE WHEN MILLIONS OF AMERICAN KIDS & ADULTS DO NOT HAVE ANY CONSIDER 
ALL THE FACTS NOW STOP THE B/S AND GET ALL THESE TRATORS OUT OF OUR 
COUNTRY BEFORE WE GET BACKDOORED AND MAKE IT SNAPPY.  

Sincerely,


ANGRY WHITE MAN N CREOLE AMREICAN BODY

This message has been verified by CapwizXC as authentic and sent by this 
individual.  Authentication ID: [RWX40Gv4]


From:	Donald Ruff <bulldog01@bellsouth.net>
Sent:	Sunday, July 9, 2006 3:00 AM
To:	White House Weekly Review; pattyb@teenchallengeusa.com
Cc:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Jim Kimmel

I am the Cousin of Jim Kimmel, My name is Donald Ruff.  I live in Florida and support the President's "Faith Based Initiative" (In which I supported contributions to President Bush and Jeb Bush's with my max of $2500.00/Year).
 
I believe he is incarcerated at the Brooking, South SD, USA , Zip Code 57006
 
Be that as it may, I wish to communicate with Jim Kimmel, freely as your guidelines permits, and our "We the People" Continuation allows me to along with his First amendment rights. (Not to be confused with the "Gitmo" terrorist suspects which seem to have more rights than my blood relatives born in the USA.) 
You have my e-mail address.  I thank you in advance for you cooperation.
 
Donald L. Ruff. Retired, Federal Government.
 
I can be reached at (352)-465-3166
From:	Francisco Lugo-Pagan <francisco_lugopaganjr@hotmail.com>
Sent:	Sunday, July 9, 2006 1:45 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	[*] RE: Governor Jeb Bush's IN THE NEWS... Friday, July 7, 2006

Thank you for the information.





----------------------------------------
> From: jeb.bush@myflorida.com
> To: jeb.bush@myflorida.com
> Subject: Governor Jeb Bush's IN THE NEWS... Friday, July 7, 2006
> Date: Sat, 8 Jul 2006 06:46:44 -0400
> 
> For those E-Newsletter recipients who have Adobe Acrobat reader, Governor
> Bush's e-newsletter is available in .PDF format by clicking here:
> 
> http://www.flgov.com/in_the_news
> 
> The text version of the e-newsletter is below.
> 
> 
> RECORD NUMBER OF FLORIDIANS USING SAFETY BELTS
> 
> On Thursday I announced that a record number of Floridians are using safety
> belts. The Preusser Research Group recently reported that 80.7 percent of
> drivers and their front seat passengers are using safety belts on Florida
> highways.  Overall, safety belt usage rates in Florida have climbed more
> than 20 percent since 2000. A vast majority of Floridians are using safety
> belts. Wearing a safety belt saves lives. It is the single most effective
> way to prevent injuries and reduce fatalities in motor vehicle crashes. For
> more information on Florida's 'Click It or Ticket' safety belt campaign,
> please visit www.clickitfla.com.
> 
> 
> CHRISTA CALAMAS APPOINTED SECRETARY OF THE FLORIDA AGENCY FOR HEALTH CARE
> ADMINISTRATION
> 
> On Thursday I named Christa Calamas as Secretary of the Florida Agency for
> Health Care Administration (AHCA). Calamas most recently served as the
> General Counsel for AHCA.  The appointment is effective July 8.  Previously,
> she served as Assistant General Counsel to Governor Bush from 2002 to 2005.
> Calamas replaces Secretary Alan Levine who was recently selected as the new
> CEO of the North Broward Hospital District. Christa's extensive experience
> in health care policy continues to be a great asset to my administration. I
> am confident Christa will continue the good work done by Secretary Levine as
> Florida implements landmark Medicaid reform, leads the nation in public
> reporting of hospital information and begins the process of creating
> networks for electronic medical records. All three of these priorities will
> fundamentally improve the way health care is delivered in our state. For
> more information on Florida's consumer-driven health care initiatives,
> please visit http://ahca.myflorida.com or www.floridacomparecare.gov. 
> 
> 
> POINTS OF LIGHT AWARD PRESENTED TO ALICIA CRABTREE
> 
> On Wednesday I recognized Alicia Crabtree of Melbourne as this week's Points
> of Light Award recipient.  For over three years, Alicia has dedicated her
> time to volunteer efforts at the Melbourne Children's Home Society, an
> organization designed to prevent child abuse and neglect. I am proud to
> recognize Alicia for the tremendous impact she has had on the lives of
> others less fortunate. She has given selflessly of her time and resources
> for the enhancement of others.  Alicia is to be commended for her
> extraordinary commitment to the community and should serve as an example to
> us all.  For more information, or to nominate, go to
> www.VolunteerFloridaFoundation.org.
> 
> Congratulations!
> 
> To read more about this week's winners, please click here: 
> http://www.flgov.com/release/7975
> 
> 
> GOVERNOR BUSH'S 2006 LEGISLATIVE INITIATIVES
> 
> Please visit www.govfloridaforum.com.
>        
> ____________________________________________________________________
> Volume 8, Issue 27
> Copyright(c) 2006 State of Florida
>  
> If you would like to change your subscription or unsubscribe, please go to:
> http://www.myflorida.com/myflorida/subscribe.html
> 
> 
> Thank you.
> 
> 
> 
From:	Blair Frank <blair_fr@bellsouth.net>
Sent:	Sunday, July 9, 2006 1:24 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	[*] N. Korea

Please give serious consideration to appropriations of resources to the NGOs in China and other countries in the region to help the people in North Korea.
 
This is another direction we can take, in order to ease the suffering of the Korean people.  The country is simply out of control and it would be wrong not to do everything we can to help them.
 
 
Sincerely,
 
Blair Frank
Boca Raton
From:	Robert Aronsson <raronsson@electricauto.com>
Sent:	Sunday, July 9, 2006 1:01 AM
To:	Erikapollitzer@aol.com; ksmraymond@aol.com; KKMNO2@aol.com; rjay@adelphia.net; bcraig@electricauto.com; aholmes@electricauto.com; Kawasakikim@aol.com; ZapCEO@aol.com
Subject:	[*] Apollo - Florida Energy Act
Attachments:	Florida Energy Act,May 2006.txt; Energy Bill.pdf

July 8, 2006

 

Erika Pollitzer

Resort Vehicles

West Palm Beach, Florida

 

Hi Erika:

 

See attachment for the many financial incentives offered by the new Florida Energy Act and Federal Energy Policy Act of 2005.

 

For example, under the Florida Act, if a Florida company or home owner purchases from us a 10-kW Apollo Power Plant for $10,000, that customer will receive a Florida Tax Credit of $7,500!  (That is a dollar for dollar tax credit, not a tax deduction).

 

This, when added to the new Federal Energy Policy Act of 2005, virtually puts us in business.  For example, under the Federal Act, if an Apollo home owner purchases from us a 10-kW Apollo Power Plant for $10,000, the home owner will receive two Tax Credits:   A 30% Tax Credit on the purchase, plus an additional Tax Credit of $500 for each 1/2 kilowatt.   Here are the numbers:

 

Purchase of 10-kW Apollo Power Plant    $10,000

30% Tax Credit                                         3,000

$500 Tax Credit for each 1/2 kW x 20       10,000 (10-kW = 20 one-half kW)

            Total Federal Tax Credits       $13,000

 

Between the Florida Tax Credit and Federal Tax Credit, total Tax Credits for the purchase of a $10,000 10-kW Apollo Power Plant amount to $20,500 !!!   ($7,500 Florida + $13,000 Federal = $20,500).    Apollo’s customer is getting the Power Plant for zero dollars.

 

Question:   How many Apollo Power Plants can we sell when the customer pays zero dollars?

 

We can make money selling a 10-kW Apollo Power Plant for $10,000.   However, because of the tremendous tax credits available, we could increase our $10,000 price to the point that the purchaser would still pay zero dollars, after tax credits, for our Power Plant, and Apollo’s profit would increase substantially.

 

That has to be a Salesman’s Delight!    Any future Apollo salesman, armed with these tax advantages, could sell our Power Plants all day long throughout the State of Florida.

 

In addition, Erika, if you sell a Fuel Cell Powered Car, there is a Federal Tax Credit of $8,000.   Let’s say your new Neighborhood Electric Vehicle would sell for $15,000.    Your customer would get a Tax Credit of $8,000, making his net cost $7,000.

 

The Government is encouraging us to produce these products for the benefit of millions of people in the USA.

 

Best regards.

APOLLO ENERGY SYSTEMS, INC.

Robert R. Aronsson

 

 

 

 

From:	Nancy McDougall <nancymcdougall@gmail.com>
Sent:	Sunday, July 9, 2006 12:34 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Cc:	support@naturalcures.com
Subject:	To: Honorable Jeb Bush (PERSONAL)!!!!!!!!!!! Please do not read if you are not Jeb Bush.

c: self, Dr K, & Ken/natural cures

Your Honor:

I know I shared some of my feelings about this with you in the past;  and I 
pray that you will find it in your heart to do all you can to prevent this ever 
happening in Florida or anywhere else.  I pray that you do this for your own family (you have children like we all do).  I really strongly believe that HIV testing is not accurate and it should never be used and it is out and out wrong. 

I do not have time to be an activist for "any" cause; and I just want to serve the Lord and take care of my own family.  I read some of this tonight and could not look the other way, without making an attempt to do something.  All I personally can do is share this with someone like you, that I DO trust and believe is a man of faith and not controled my greed or living a lie. And share with my closest friends  and family  and a person that is trying to expose things like this..and show my support to them...and then pray. 

I have not shared this with the daughter of my sister that lost her dad and mom, she is trying to deal with losing her parents and going on with her life -it would not be fair for me to bring confusion into her life right now...and when she gets older I do pray that she find out the truth.  I wanted to share all this with her, to be honest - but my mom did not let me - and I understand that it would not have been right as this young girl had ENOUGH to deal with right now and just trying to finish high school.  Therefore, I will just depend on the Lord to use people like "you" to stop these things from happening...and still believe that if you are not the person God's uses...God will use someone and intervene before anything that bad (forced testing...) happens. 


---------- Forwarded message ----------
From: Nancy McDougall <nancymcdougall@gmail.com>
Date: Jul 9, 2006 12:08 AM 
Subject: Re: World Health Care Organization
To: Maria <Riterspad@aol.com>


Correction:  It was not the CDC (last e-mail) but I am pretty sure it was  the "World Health Organization" that stated they no longer have to count CD4 counts but instead can use total lympholyte counts.  That is a  step in the right direction...BUT... see: 

http://groups.msn.com/aidsmythexposed/general.msnw?action=get_message&mview=0&ID_Message=23864&LastModified=4675580026828468116 

See:  
om: MSN Nickname myth-buster  (Original Message)	Sent: 7/5/2006 10:41 PM	
July 5, 2006
 
This is where it's heading. . . all of the recent official advocacy of testing everyone for HIV (including NYC mayor Bloomberg who has demanded that his staff be tested - see the article at  http://www.focus-fen.net/index.php?catid=121&newsid=91052&ch=0 ) and medicating everyone who tests positive. 
 
In an "essay" published in the New York Times on June 27, 2006 titled "'Tough Love' Lessons From a Deadly Epidemic,"  Barron H. Lerner, M.D., who teaches medicine and public health at Columbia University, suggests that people who test HIV positive and refuse to take their meds might be treated like people with tuberculosis - that is, locked up (for as long as two years in facilities like Bellevue) and forcibly medicated. Seriously.
 
The original free version of the article at the Times' Web site now requires payment or a subscription. However, the article has been republished and is currently accessible for free via the Boston Globe and the Worcester Telegram at the URLs below:
 
http://www.boston.com/yourlife/health/other/articles/2006/06/27/tough_love_lessons_from_a_deadly_epidemic/
 
 
http://www.telegram.com/apps/pbcs.dll/article?AID=/20060703/NEWS/[REDACTED]/1012
 
 
If the article becomes unavailable at these URLs, I will post it in this thread.
 +++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++ 

+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

Now this is a scary thought (and grateful to the doctor from Columbia for sharing this insight) when
you are informed of the following information:  http://www.aliveandwell.org and realize that many people
have tested positive for HIV when sick and later tested negative when better that means what...??? And
that "had" those that been forced to take medicine when tested positive - the medicine most likely would 
have KILLED them in time...fighting the very thing that was fighting the sickness in their bodies.

Christians need to be PRAYING about this situation - what if you came out positive because you had a
yeast infection or meningitis or your daughter or son...and you knew that taking this HIV medicine would 
actually kill you or them..????  It is my opinion this could happen.

I like Mayor Bloomberg - and he has done a great job in New York - "however" I totally disagree with
him on THIS ONE - no one should be forced to take a HIV test that is not even accurate and there is no 
Scientific EVIDENCES that HIV even exists - there has NEVER been a copy of any such virus.

I know a few people that DIED after taking AZT - people that were NOT sick prior to taking it and took
it "trusting" the medical associations - when tested positive and one such case never did their partners or 
children EVER come out positive and later found out that "other" things (Hepatitis, parasites, meningitis, etc.,)
give a positive reading and some countries do NOT even use the tests they use in the USA. 

I seriously believe the God will be the judge of those that (not the ignorant ones that are taught and
believe they are doing the right thing and just don't know any better)  - are making money or killing
a group of certain people for whatever reason...and KNOWING what they are doing just like the tabacoo 
Industry KNEW that nicotine was causing cancer and addictive - but LIED to make enough money to
even make a profit and still pay lawsuits.

God says our people perish for LACK OF KNOWLEDGE...we need to educate ourselves on this issue. 

I was tested and came out negative - but why did they have to ask me a bunch of questions about my life style that was apart of the results?  What other tests do people take that  the results  could depend 
on what you say on a pc of paper to determine the results in case the results are inconclusive?  NONE. 

What virus doesn't have a COPY OF THE VIRUS...none?  Is AIDS even the result of this medicine?

I am not going to become an activist for this cause - BUT - I am very anger when I grew up in a FREE COUNTRY and see those freedoms being lost, and now the threats of living in a country where 
they are talking about forcing medicine on people  that could KILL someone - medicine they claim is to make a
person well for a disease that is even questionable exists or just a scam for the pharmaceutical companies 
and/or those that have stocks in these products and becoming RICH from the DEATHS of people they
feel is not important to a society and also a kinda ethnic cleansing and global control of population growth
and combination of things. 

I used to believe everything I was told especially by a doctor until I was informed differently and found
out that I was not getting truthful information always.   I was told I had acid reflux disease and had to take 
this medicine for the rest of my life  -  and I learned that was a lie and now I take a tablespoon of organic apple
cider vinegar before every meal..and you know what...this INEXPENSIVE remedy STOPPED my HEART BURN and I NO LONGER have to take any medicine for heart burn and never had any disease.. 

God will judge ALL those making money off the deaths of our loved ones and just human beings - our neighbors, and others loved ones.  And Christians need to be INFORMED and get the TRUTH..and once
you acknowledge it..stop being afraid of those that would want to shut you up.  There is a story in 
the bible of three men that were put into the fire and God PROTECTED them from the flames, and
the story of the one that was put in the lions den and the lion did not hurt him and on and on...
the men put in prison and God opened the door for them to leave and that was a witness to the 
jail keepers. 

Look at the story of the rich and powerful that have recently had heart attacks...GOD IS NOT MOCKED.
No one has more power than God and God is in control - not the greedy and evil persons in this world. 

The bible says that GREATER is Christ IN US..than he that is in the world....I believe that.

What some don't realize their greed (stocks/drugs - intertwined..) prevents them from seeing
that this can come back to bite THEM - as they may get cancer from the chemicals put in our food or their 
kids..that is ALLOWED to be put in our food and the drugs that are addictive and sometimes DEADLY..
and their kids might not be exempt from these tests someday...and maybe they might be
forced to take something that will kill them.  God forbid....I wish this on NO ONE..but PRAY for this to 
never come to be that forced HIV tests in any job or forced medicine...and people spread the
information they know without being afraid to do so...about the inaccuracy in these HIV tests that should
NEVER be used in any manner to detect anything let alone a medical condition. 


Also read both of these books and READ THE LABELS of what you eat and put on your body that goes into your blood stream. http://www.naturalcures.com

Also – get some good spiritual food…we NEED it in these last days… 

Listen to:  


http://www.wayofthemasterradio.com/

http://www.chick.com







First   Previous   2-10 of 10  Next   Last   	
	
Reply
	Recommend (1 recommendation so far) 	  Message 2 of 10 in Discussion  	
From: MSN Nickname JamisonH2	Sent: 7/6/2006 1:19 AM 	
Tuberculosis goes away and/or can be cured. According to orthodox belief though, HIV can not. I fail to see the connection between the two. The reason people with Tuberculosis are sent to sanitariums is because the disease is so easily transmitted and HIV is not that easy to transmit. The people sent away to sanitariums come back cured, the people who would come back from these would not be. What if a person doesn't want to have to decide between taking their LP-ARV's and eating? What if they'd rather have a choice as to whether or not the want to be lipodystrophied and need a liver transplant?

I am thinking the AIDS Orthodoxy is parodying itself. Unfortunately, I am wrong.	
From:	Gravmarshall@aol.com
Sent:	Sunday, July 9, 2006 12:33 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Please Help

Hello,
           My name is Marshall Gravley. I live in Rockmart Ga.I am a 35 yr. old male. I was hit by a train in Oct. 2005. ( I was standing beside the train with my hands in the air.My left hand came in contact with the train. Yes I was intoxicated at the time. Yes I am an Idiot.) After reconstructing my wrist,and months in an external fixator, the end result was a Traumatic Brachial Plexus Injury. (surprisingly it did not take my arm off.).
          I am seven months into my injury. At this point the most I have had done regarding my T.B.P.I. is a nerve conduction test done by my Dr.. The only reason I had the test done was because our state did not have a specialist of their own close enough to do the test. It was in order to try and receive Medicaid benefits. That was the only reason. I know as much about my injury as my Dr. at this point. It is not his fault, this is just not an injury he has had much to deal with.
         I have applied for and been denied benefits for our states Medicaid, S.S.I., and disability programs. At which point I retained a lawyer who informed me that there is a one to three year wait to even go to trial to see if I can get their decision overruled. The reason for this is I owned my own company at the time. When I explained that it was a fledgling company that would surly go under because I was the owner, It did not matter. By law I was a small business owner. I had no insurance of my own. I have lost my business my home my assets, almost everything. If it was not for my parents I would not be righting you know.
         The very first thing I did was apply for charity care at Mayo. Also was denied care as this was deemed a non exceptional case to warrant charity to someone so far out of their area, ( out of state). I did see the specialist at the Hand Arm Clinic in Atl. Ga. Who also has referred me to places I cannot receive care.
        This is my dilemma. I have no money. I have no income. I have no insurance. I have been turned down everywhere that I have been for assistance. There are not that many Doctors that are truly qualified to work on adult tbpi. I am running out of options. Every day I am doing exactly what I am doing know. More than less begging someone to help me. I have no way of holding down a job. I feel like I am about to die around the clock. I have put change jars in stores. I am taking donation letters to churches. I have had yard sales.
       At this rate, between waiting on government assistance and what I am doing on my own, I should be able to get the medical attention needed when I am about fifty years old. I am pushing my window to get anything done way to far. I am already eight months in to my injury. In another seven months I will almost certainly have sealed a fate of being exactly like I am know for the rest of my life. It is not like I am setting here waiting for the checks to roll in. I am falling thru the cracks. And everywhere I turn it is a brick wall. I am not asking for a miracle, I am just asking for assistance.
      I have not had any spontaneous recovery at all,and the accident was seven months ago. I screwed up bad.Know I'm trying not to be left like this from know on.My Mother has set up an account for donations at U. B.& T. Bank in Rockmart GA.The account is in her name ( Cynthia Ann Gravley ).Any and all donations are welcome.An article was recently posted in the Rockmart Journal,our local paper in attempt to gain some sort of help. I am trying everything I can not to loose complete use of my arm.
      I have screwed up my life really bad, and that is something I cannot change. But can I not at least get a little help. Is asking for the best case possible in a no win situation to much to ask. There is know way to ask someone to work for free and think that you will get a positive response. It is just I have no choice but to do just that. I apologize for taking up your time. I thank you for reading it thru. I also apologize for being so frank about this matter. I am at a really frustrating point in my life right know. Please contact me if there is anything you can do. I take criticism for being a complete idiot well also. 
                                               Thank you,
                                                            Marshall Gravley
                                                            770.445.6802 
                                                   guitarworks2000@yahoo.com
                                                   www.frappr.com/catchatrain
                                                   www.yourtbpi.com
 
 
 
P.S. To all the medical professionals who read this I am in desperate need of help.I have a hospital here in Atlanta Ga. that said they would help with some of the testing but that is not enough. I am looking for all the help I can get. Even if I have to walk to were you are I will do it....Thanks again.....Marshall Gravley
From:	Elmoboy1996@aol.com
Sent:	Saturday, July 8, 2006 8:43 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Re: Florida Real Estate

Dear Gov. Bush,
 
Although I appreciate someone sending a response to my e-mail it would be better if they addressed the issue in the letter I sent you, mainly the increase in homeowners insurance that is going to double or triple upon renewal for all of us.
 
You as the Governor of our state have to realize that what will happen to this state is to make most of your voters abandon their homes or sell them at a loss if the insurance becomes impossible to afford. You will have a plummeting economy and nobody left to vote for you.
 
Now is the time for you to step up to the plate and find the means to keep Floridians in Florida!
 
Linda Bodenstein-Basch
From:	L I N D A   S U M M E R <Liquizgold7@bellsouth.net>
Sent:	Saturday, July 8, 2006 8:08 PM
To:	president@whitehouse.gov
Cc:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	RE: Harry Peter Ciolkosz, FORMER MARINE SERGEANT FROM 1941 RM 316C, University Hospital, Tamarac, Fl

 
PUBLIC SERVANTS, SIRS:
 
My father has been hospitalized since Thursday, July,
6, 2006, with severe anemia with treatment of 4 pints
of plasma, type 0 positive, and had a paracenthesis which removed over 7 liters of fluid from his stomach.
 
Tonight, July 8, 2006, my mother finally found out from
a Dr. Bidman, that his pacemaker on his heart is not working enough to pump fluid out of his lungs and stomach.  The diagnosis is that he needs to have another pace maker put in to regulate his heart better.
 
But, I am concerned with the care he is getting at the
hospital, because it seems he is being neglected by
the care of by a "Phillipino" nurse, Carmelita, who did not check on his urine "level" collected, left in the bathroom toilet in his room, which was left for hours along with feces, also.
 
When my father sat up to eat his meal that was brought
in, his monitor dislodged from the meter on the wall,
which was blinking and sounding off with a loud siren
type bell, but no one, not one of the nurses came in
to check on the monitor OR HIM.
 
Whether this is deliberate by these vile, evil, and impaired
people from the Hollywood-Kennedy-Carlson-Winfrey set, or whether this is just mediocre medical treatment or negligence on the part of that particular nurse, I am
not quite sure.
 
MY FATHER WAS A MARINE IN THE SOUTH PACIFIC
AT GUADALCANAL...AT 18 YEARS OLD......ON THE
BEACHES CARRYING A BAYONET, AND GRENADES,
AND OTHER WEAPONTRY TO FIGHT FOR AMERICA...
 
AMERICA....
 
HE FOUGHT FOR EVERYONE'S FREEDOM
 
AT ANY TIME IN AN AMERICAN CITIZEN'S
 
LIFE...
 
THESE HOLLYWOOD PEOPLES...
 
THESE MEDIA PEOPLES...
 
THESE FANATICAL NUT CASE PREACHERS....
 
THESE HORRENDOUS BRUTE, BULL, IMPAIRED
POLICEMEN/POLICEWOMEN...
 
SOME OF THESE FALSIE BREAST AND
RHINO PLASTY NUMBER 11'S...
AND BOTOX INJECTED FEMALES...
 
ALONG WITH ALL THESE OTHERS
 
IN THE FBI
IN THE NAVY
IN THE AIR FORCE...
 
HAVE NO RIGHT TO DO THIS TO A MAN
WHO WAS 
 
A WAR HERO 
 
WHEN SOME WEREN'T EVEN BORN YET..
 
BUT, THEY SURE DO STALK BETTER WOMEN
THAN THEIR OWN MOTHERS, WIVES, GIRLFRIENDS...
 
BUT, THEY SURE DO FRAME, MALIGN, JAIL,
SET UP, FRAME, AND "BARBARIC USE OF FORCE"...
 
CHILDREN THAT ARE BETTER THAN THEIR
OWN .. MORE WELL ADJUSTED..
 
HEALTHIER IN MIND, BODY, AND SOUL....
 
I WANT THESE OPRAH PEOPLES OUT OF MY
LIFE...
 
I WANT THESE NAVY, MEDIA, CARLSON,
BLUE BLOODS, COSTNERS, SILVAS,
 
INDIANS...
 
 
OUT OF OUR LIVES..
 
THEY RUN FREE TO DO THIS TO ME, MY KIDS,
MY FATHER, MY MOTHER, MY BROTHERS...
 
AND ..
 
STILL YOU DO NOTHING..
 
NOTHING....
 
     
 
 
 
 

From:	ck-mom@juno.com
Sent:	Saturday, July 8, 2006 7:54 PM
To:	president@whitehouse.gov; Valleybreeze@aol.com; garichard@yahoo.com; glen.kippel@gmail.com; gcsinkule@msn.com; Governor Jeb Bush; customercare@lastdaysministries.org; morongobasinhomeschoolers@yahoogroups.com; houston@dcdriven.com; webmail@coralridge.org; onewayjan@aol.com; jMcqui5402@aol.com; xsorewingsx@juno.com; xtpwhitetrashx@yahoo.com; us2andours@aol.com; jonathanb@pdpresby.org; joyfulsong45@hotmail.com; KANDYDANN@aol.com; imaballr@aol.com
Subject:	Please look at the video

Please watch the whole video, if your screen goes black during the 
show, just move your mouse and the picture will come back. Here is my 
take on the video, which covers the School's program called "It's 
Elementary". 


Future legal battles are being won TODAY in the class rooms of 
American, by changing the minds of our young children. They are not 
old enough to understand sexual feelings, they hopefully don't know 
what sex looks like or is made for. But they are being LEAD to 
believe something that they are too young to understand. To them LOVE 
means, "A Mother's or Father's love toward them". What the film "It's 
Elementary" does is not education, it is indoctrination. Could you 
see Christians getting to go to schools and say "I am not here to 
hurt you or to change you minds, but just to tell you about my life, 
my relationship to Jesus. So you can be educated and not bash Right 
Wing Christians." It would be called Proselytizing!!!



http://issuesineducation.org/contact.html

  

From:	Lewis Allen <LALLEN9436@tampabay.rr.com>
Sent:	Saturday, July 8, 2006 7:50 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Fw: This is straight and too the point.

Gov. Bush,

You know, I think Charlie has a very valid point here, one that makes me 
worry about the politicians in this great country.

Lewis Allen
Largo, Fl.



>> Subject: Charlie Daniel's thoughts
>>
>>
>> Charlie Daniels speaks out...........blunt and to the point........ but I
> couldn't agree with him more.  This is one article worth passing on.  We
> need to keep the ground swell movement to get something done about our
> border security.  I would like for once (in my life time) see the congress
> work together to do something meaningful to stop this flood of illegal's.
>>
>>
>>
>>
>>
>>
>>
>>
>>
>>
>>
>>
>>
>>
>>
>>  I don't know how everybody else feels about it, but to me I
>> think Hispanic people in this country, legally or illegally,
>> made a huge public relations mistake with their recent demonstrations.
>>
>> I don't blame anybody in the world for wanting to come to the
>>
>> United States of America, as it is a truly wonderful place.
>>
>>
>> But when the first thing you do when you set foot on American
>> soil is illegal it is flat out wrong and I don't care how many
>> lala land left heads come out of the woodwork and start trying
>> to give me sensitivity lessons.
>>
>>
>>  I don't need sensitivity lessons, in fact I don't have any-
>> thing against Mexicans! I just have something against criminals
>> and anybody who comes into this country illegally is a criminal
>> and if you don't believe it try coming into America from a
>> foreign country without a passport and see how far you get.
>>  What disturbs me about the demonstrations is that it's tanta-
>> mount to saying, "I am going to come into your country even if
>> it means breaking your laws and there's nothing you can do
>> about it."
>>
>>
>>  It's an "in your face" action and speaking just for me I don't
>> like it one little bit and if there were a half dozen pairs of
>> gonads in Washington bigger than English peas it wouldn't be
>> happening.
>>
>>
>>  Where are you, you bunch of lily livered, pantywaist, forked
>> tongued, sorry excuses for defenders of The Constitution? Have
>> you been drinking the water out of the Potomac again?
>>  And even if you pass a bill on immigration it will probably be
>> so pork laden and watered down that it won't mean anything any-
>> way. Besides, what good is another law going to do when you
>> won't enforce the ones on the books now?
>>
>>
>>  And what ever happened to the polls, guys? I thought you folks
>> were the quintessential finger wetters. Well you sure ain't
>> paying any attention to the polls this time because somewhere
>> around eighty percent of Americans want something done about
>> this mess, and mess it is and getting bigger everyday.
>>
>>
>>  This is no longer a problem, it is a dilemma and headed for
>> being a tragedy. Do you honestly think that what happened in
>> France with the Muslims can't happen here when the businesses
>> who hire these people finally run out of jobs and a few million
>> disillusioned Hispanics take to the streets?
>>
>>
>>  If you, Mr. President, Congressmen and Senators, knuckle under
>> on this and refuse to do something meaningful it means that you
>> care nothing for the kind of country your children and grand-
>> children will inherit.
>>  But I guess that doesn't matter as long as you get re-elected.
>> Shame on you.
>>
>>
>>  One of the big problems in America today is that if you have
>> the nerve to say anything derogatory about any group of people
>> (except Christians) you are going to be screamed at by the media
>> and called a racist, a bigot and anything else they can think
>> of to call you.
>>
>>
>>  Well I've been pounded by the media before and I'm still rockin'
>>  and rollin' and when it comes to speaking the truth I fear not.
>> And the truth is that the gutless, gonadless, milksop politicians
>> are just about to sell out the United States of America because
>> they don't have the intestinal fortitude to stand up to  face
>> reality.
>>
>>
>>  And reality is that we would never allow any other group of
>> people to have 12 million illegal in this country and turn
>> around and say, "Oh it's ok, ya'll can stay here if you'll just
>> allow  us to slap your wrist."
>>
>>
>>  And I know that some of you who read this column are saying
>> "Well what's wrong with that?"
>>  I'll tell you what's wrong with it. These people could be from
>> Mars as far as we know. We don't know who they are, where they
>> are or what they're up to and the way the Congress is going
>> we're not going to.
>>
>>
>>  Does this make sense? Labor force you say? We already subsidize
>> corporate agriculture as it is, must we subsidize their labor
>> as well?
>>  If these people were from Haiti would we be so fast to turn a
>> blind eye to them or if they were from Somalia or Afghanistan?
>> I think not.
>>
>>
>>  All the media shows us are pictures of hard working Hispanics
>> who have crossed the border just to try to better their life.
>> They don't show you pictures of the Feds rounding up members of
>> MS 13, the violent gang who came across the same way the decent
>> folks did. They don't tell you about the living conditions of
>> the Mexican illegal some fat cat hired to pick his crop.
>>
>>
>>  I want to make two predictions.
>>
>>
>>  No. 1: This situation is going to grow and fester until it
>> erupts in violence on our streets while the wimps in Washington
>> drag their toes in the dirt and try to figure how many tons of
>>
>> political hay they can make to the acre.
>>
>>
>>  No 2: Somebody is going to cross that border with some kind
>>
>> of weapon of mass destruction and set it off in a major American
>>
>> city after which there will be a backlash such as this country has
>>
>> never experienced and the Capitol building in Washington will
>>
>> probably tilt as Congressmen and Senators rush to the other side of the
> issue.
>>  I don't know about you but I would love to see just one major
>>
>> politician stand up and say, "I don't care who I make mad  and
>>
>> I don't care how many votes I lose, this is a desperate situation
>>
>> and I'm going to lead the fight to get it straightened out."
>>  I don't blame anybody for wanting to come to America, but if
>>
>> you don't respect our immigration laws why should you respect any others.
>>  And by the way, this is America and our flag has stars and
>> stripes. Please get that other one out of my face.
>>
>>
>>
>>  Pray for our troops
>>  God Bless America
>>
>>  Charlie Daniels
>>  April 10, 2006

From:	Terina Wilson <terinawilson@yahoo.com>
Sent:	Saturday, July 8, 2006 7:43 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	New Energy for America

Dear Jeb Bush,

America's oil addiction hurts our security, our economy and our environment. Our troops are bogged down in two ugly wars in the Middle East, in part, to keep the oil flowing. Working families are having a tougher time making ends meet because of gasoline. And as the world's biggest consumers of oil, we contribute the most to the global warming that threatens the future we'll leave our children.

There is another way. The Apollo Alliance's groundbreaking solution, New Energy for America provides the basic arguments, facts, policy solutions, a review of where American opinion is and resources for further investigation. I'm writing to urge you, as an elected official, to click here and read the Apollo Alliance's New Energy for America plan and implement bold solutions that will create jobs, reduce our dependence on oil and allow America to declare energy independence.


I hope that you find this resource useful. Thank you very much for your consideration.



Sincerely,


Terina Wilson

Web Bug from http://secure.ourfuture.org/tellafriend/track.php?a=o&r=294 
From:	Rev. A. M. Clark <revsam3@localnet.com>
Sent:	Saturday, July 8, 2006 5:52 PM
To:	wwilhelm@flabar.org; MSNBC Breaking News; CNN Email Services; Willow Vance; ServicePoint@dfs.state.fl.us
Cc:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Corruption under the RICO laws!

Florida Bar:
Sorry to be late getting back with you!  I am my husband's caregiver!  And  yes, I do have an issue with one of your attorneys, better known as " Gerald Lee Pickett, Bar # 559334".  He took my two liens granted to  me by the courts, to a retired judge "William H. Sever" alleging that no actions had been taken on case at bar, for more than one year, & had Judge Seaver to sign off of both liens.  Case # 98-1801-CA. 
    I won this case by Default, but was denied any action. (documents available)   Total fabrication! Copies available! Gerald  Lee Pickett, then sold both properties, thru Future Title Services, Inc. 
    When I spoke with Future Title Services, I was advised that Mr. Pickett, told the title company that there were no liens, encumberances, etc., on properties at issue.
    I recently received an ORDER from one of the most corrupt judges (there are two that I personally know)  Richard A. Howard, Bar # 258849 ORDERED that I can not file any document in that court. And he ORDERED all clerks to refuse to accept any documents from plaintiff!  This is to let the statue of limitation run,  so that my two liens will be void!  
    At the time Judge  Howard, heard two of my cases, there were two Judicial Notices to Impeach this judge.  When I advised him that he could not hear my case of any case by my family, his reply was (quote)  Rev. Clark, I am well aware that you wrote a book,  embarassed the Chief Judge, & exposed numerous judges & attorneys. However, I will not excuse myself!  Case #  2002-Ca-2578. (unquote)
    This was a conspiracy between Judge Howard, Gerald Lee Pickett, and Karen Osmond Gaffney, Bar # 500682 , who represented Future Title Service, Inc.
Literally stealing both liens valued at 
$383,340.00. not counting interest!
     Gerald Lee PIckett, Also used a criminals records with the same name as my son, (I  spoke with the other Clark)   to take my son's home , his son, & left him on the street to die!  (pictures available) 
     This was a conspiracy between,  Richard Stephen "Spike" Fitzpatrick, Bar # 216641 (now deceased) Curtis Judson Neal, Bar #  373011 (now a judge) and James Austin Neal, Jr. Bar # 477321. 
     Gerald Lee PIckett, represented my former daughter-in-law in her divorce, after she attempted to murder my son, by burning him to death, while he was in the bathroom shaving. Case # 91-03-3618.  
    When, Pickett took my son's home, he had my former daughter-in-law to sign an affidavit that there were no liens or encumbrances on two properties at issue.  
    This is only a minute amont of corruption that was purpurtrated against me, an eldery lady in the 70s, and what these pettyfoggers did to my family, comes under the RICO laws!   
    I was threatened by Curtis Neal, Jim Neal, & Gerald Lee PIckett.  Pickett told me that I would never get a penny from these liens granted to me by Judge Jerry T. Lockett. 
     I paid for my son's & daughter-in-laws home, both 1st & 2nd liens, totally supported our 56 years old son, for 15 years, due to the attempted murder, that was covered up, by  her mother & her money, in conspiracy with Gerald Lee Pickett!
    My liens were refiled at least every two years. Most records were pulled form court records, however, I have copies of those records, as well as pictures!  
    This bunch of pettyfoggers took my son's son  "David Christopher Clark, DOB 10 Oct 90,  SS# [REDACTED],  on 13 Oct 91.  We have not seen or heard from this child since that date. 
      I have kept these cases open, until Judge Howard, ORDERED that I not file any documents in that court!  (thereby denying me Due Process!)  Setting me up for Contempt!   He  ORDERED all clerks to refuse to accept any documents from plaintiff!
     Our former daughter-in-law "Jeanne Marie Fox aka Clark aka Long, DOB 10 Feb 60  SS#[REDACTED], is either married too, or cohabitating with a man by the name of "Matthew Gary Long", who has a criminal record from D. C. , to Florida & all points between.  This man is a dangerous
person &  I fear that my grand-son is, was, or maybe abused!   
     My daughter-in-law, her mother Shirley Louise Fox, her father Chester A. Fox,  alleging they feared me & my son, was located in Easley S. C., during my investigation!   They put Jeanne's father in a Nursing home in Easley, had him to sign off on the home in Beverly Hills, Fl., and show that they were below the poverty level.
   The father died  5 Dec 95. Once I contacted the attorney General of S.C., & exposed the 
assets they had, the mother died  7 Oct 96.
   Florida Bar, we need our money refunded, & we DEMAND that Richard A. Howard,  be impeached!.  He , like the Chief Judge Patricia Vitter -Thomas. Bar # 210110,  a corrupt person, is  unfit for our legal entities, who had an affair with  "Bill  Campion," president of the college,  while she was married,  was a Board member, & got  her lover a $20K payraise, bringing his salary to $95K. (document available) 
     Richard Fitzpatrick, was her attorney, then recommended (he told me this) to the late governor Lawton Chiles, to be chief judge in Inverness. 
     He, Curtis Judson Neal, James Austin Neal, Jr.  with Fitzpatrick & Fitzpatrick
Law Firm, took their case before Vitter-Thomas. (documents available). 
     All, these allegations, along with the evidence is in my upcoming book, that should be out this year!
Contact:
Rev. Anna M. Clark
288 N. W. Ash Dr.
Lake City, Fl. 32055
PH. 386-752-5226
FX. 386-752-5227answers 7th ring
revsam3@localnet.com
 

----- Original Message ----- 
From: wwilhelm@flabar.org 
To: revsam3@localnet.com 
Sent: Friday, June 02, 2006 12:21 PM



If you have an issue with a Florida attorney please call the Attorney Client Assistance Program at 866-352-0707. We look forward to speaking with you ...

From:	MADNURSE@aol.com
Sent:	Saturday, July 8, 2006 5:42 PM
To:	cfo@dfs.state.fl.us
Cc:	Governor Jeb Bush; MADNURSE@aol.com
Subject:	State Farm's Requests for an increase!

Dear members of the Insurance Regulation Board,
 
 
I do not want your agency to give State Farm any increase in premiums in the state of Florida for existing customers.  I have had State Farm Home Insurance since the purchase of my first home in 1970.  During that time I have had two small claims totaling less than $700 dollars.  The premiums I have paid over the last 36 years invested appropriately by their company would total in the millions.  I have had a claim this year for about $22,000 from Hurricane Wilma.
  I DO NOT DESERVE TO HAVE MY INSURANCE DOUBLED AGAIN.
 
 It doubled last year and to double again is absurd.  My premiums have more than covered any losses I have had.  That is the cost of doing business. If they choose to charge new customers more so be it. Old responsible customers should not be purnished again.  I am being taxed and insured out of my home. My tax and insurance is more than my house payment. If you let the companies run ruff shod over us older citizens we will have to move out of state  to live in a comfortably.
 
PLEASE DO NOT GRANT STATE FARM PERMISSION TO RAPE US AGAIN THIS YEAR!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 
Respectfully yours,
 
Carol L. Schurtz
8040 NW 46th Court
Lauderhill, Fl. 33351
954-746-5578
 
 
 
 
 
From:	Torbertll@aol.com
Sent:	Saturday, July 8, 2006 5:33 PM
To:	sheila_nobles@dcf.state.fl.us
Cc:	crafatti@elcfloridasheartland.org; sonny_register@dcf.state.fl.us; Governor Jeb Bush; sjenole@yahoo.com
Subject:	Request for Appeal of Denial of Child Care License C14HI0506
Attachments:	Appeal 07 06 2006.tif; DCF Denial 06 26 2006.tif; Dept Exhibits A, B, C.tif; Dept Exhibits D, E, F.tif; Dept Exhibits G, H, I.tif

Please find attached the Request for Appeal of the Denial of Child Care License C14HI0506, and the DCF Administrative Complaint and referenced Exhibits. Please take note that the original appeal has been sent via priority mail with delivery confirmation to Ms. Sheila Nobles, Child Care Licensing Supervisor, DCF District 14, Lakeland, Florida. 
 
Sincerely,
 
Linda L. Torbert
Vice President
Rainbow Village of Highland County, Inc.
From:	SWEETFACE2819@aol.com
Sent:	Saturday, July 8, 2006 5:29 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	(no subject)

 MY NAME IS VANESSA MARIE SANS. I LIVE IN PALM SPRINGS FLORIDA WITH MY SON GABRIEL MARTINEZ. I AM A SINGLE  MIDDLE TO  WORKING CLASS TWENTY TWO YEAR OLD MOTHER.  I AM A RECEPTIONIST AT AN URGENT CARE IN ROYAL PALM BEACH MAKING TWELVE DOLLARS AN HOUR. MY SON GABRIEL WAS BORN PREMATURE AT ONE POUND EIGHT OUNCES. HE SPENT THE ENTIRE FIRST YEAR OF HIS LIFE AT ST. MARY'S MEDICAL HOSPITAL NEONATAL INTENSIVE CARE UNIT WHERE HE AT SIX MONTHS RECEIVED A TRACHEOSTOMY AND G-TUBE. HE HAS BEEN DIAGNOSED WITH CHRONIC LUNG DISEASE, HYPOGLYCEMIA, ENLARGED TONGUE LIVER AND SPLEAN AND MUCH MORE. MY SON THEN CAME HOME ON A VENTILATOR (LIFE SUPPORT), OXYGEN, CONCENTRATOR, PULSE OX, AND THE LIST OF SUPPLYS GOES ON AND ON. WE MONTHLY SEE THE PULMONOLOGIST, SURGEON, ENDOCRINOLOGIST & PEDIATRICIAN. HE REQUIRES SPEECH THERAPY TWICE A WEEK. 
    LUCKILY FOR ME MY SON HAS HAD A TREMENDOUS TURN AROUND WHICH NO DOCTOR SAW COMING. RIGHT WHEN THINGS WERE FINALLY GOING RIGHT HE WAS DENIED MEDICAID BECAUSE SUPPOSEDLY WE MADE TOO MUCH MONEY. WITH THE TYPE OF MEDICAL NEEDS MY SON HAS, THERE IS NO WAY I COULD EVER POSSIBLY PAY FOR HIS MEDICL EXPENSES. MY SON REACHED OVER ONE MILLION DOLLARS IN MEDICAL BILLS BEFORE THE AGE OF ONE. ITS BEEN OVER A YEAR SINCE MY SON HAS HAD INSURANCE. I HAVE TRIED EVERY THING. I HAVE NEVER ONCE LIED TO THE GOVERNMENT ABOUT WHAT I MAKE OR WHO I LIVE WITH. I HAVE BEEN HONEST ALL THE WAY THROUGH. I CAN NOT UNDERSTAND WHY SOMEONE LIKE MY SON WHO IS MEDICALLY DISABLED CANNOT RECEIVE HELP, WHEN THERE ARE MILLIONS OF PEOPLE WHO ARE LIEING ON THEIR APPLICATIONS AND SCAMING THE SYSTEM FOR MORE MONEY. HAVE NOT BEEN ABLE TO GIVE HIM THE PROPER MEDICAL CARE BECAUSE OF THIS SITUATION. OUR MEDICAL SUPPLY COMPANY STOPPED BRINGING SUPPLIES. WE HAD TO REUSE SUCTION CATHETERS OVER AND OVER AGAIN INSTEAD OF THROWING AWAY AFTER EACH USE. MY SON THEN HAD INFECTION AFTER INFECTION AND EVEN CAUGHT PNEUMONIA AND HAD TO BE HOSPITALIZED A WEEK. WE HAD TO PAY OUT OF POCKET (3,650) FOR MY SONS REMOVAL OF THE TRACHE AND G-TUBE. NOW HE NEEDS SURGERY AGAIN TO CLOSE THE OPENINGS IN HIS NECK AND STOMACH WHERE THE TRACHE AND G-TUBE WERE BECAUSE HE HAD THEM FOR SO LONG THEY WILL NOT CLOSE ON THEIR OWN 
    WE HAVE HAD TO PAY OUT OF POCKET FOR EVERY THING. I NOW HAVE OUTSTANDING MEDICAL BILLS WHICH WILL TAKE ME A LIFE TIME BACK. I WAS JUST DENIED TODAY BY FLORIDA KIDCARE. I WOULD PUT HIM ON MY INSURANCE THROUGH WORK BUT THAT  WILL COST ME 
$475 A MONTH TO DO SO. I DO HAVE GOALS, I COME FROM A GOOD FAMILY, I HAVE EVERY INTENSION ON FINISHING COLLEGE AS WELL AS THE FATHER WHO IS NOW IN SCHOOL AND ABOUT TO GRADUATE FROM PBCC AND GO TO FAU. I AM A GREAT MOTHER (ESPECIALLY FOR MY AGE) AND WILL DO ANYTHING FOR MY SON. HE HAS BEEN THROUGH SO MUCH SINCE BIRTH AND THIS INSURANCE PROBLEM IS MAKING EVERY THING THAT MUCH HARDER FOR NOT JUST ME BUT FOR HIM. I TRUELY CANNOT DO THIS ALL ON MY OWN. I CANNOT AFFORD RENT, BILLS, GAS AND DAYCARE WITH THE TYPE OF MEDICAL EXPENSES MY SON HAS . 
 
PLEASE IF THERE IS ANYHTING YOU CAN DO FOR US, IT WILL BE MORE THAN JUST APPRECIATED. YOU WILL BE OUR HERO AND SAVIOR. 
 
                                                                                                                                                                SINCERLY,
                                                                                                                                                                        VANESSA  
 
 
 
 
 
ADDRESS:                                    HOME NUMER: 561-968-3856
166 LAKE ARBOR DR                    WORK NUMBER: 561-333-9331
PALM SPRINGS, FL                      CELL NUMBER: 561-767-6916
33461
 
 
 
From:	BlacksharkL82@aol.com
Sent:	Saturday, July 8, 2006 5:13 PM
To:	dennis.baxley@myfloridahouse.govinfo@baxley4florida.com; dickfarrel@hotmail.com; Charlie.Keller@mail.house.gov; Governor Jeb Bush; Rice, Everett
Subject:	I get no answers!!!

Sir;
During that wonderful, Country wide demonstration, by illegal residents, a few months ago, I posed a question to ALL my representatives. The answer still evades me. A simple question. All I asked for was a number and that would have been the end of it.
How many of these self declared, illegal residents were arrested? If any.
If none, Why not?
They were spitting in YOUR face as a law maker and MY face as a citizen of these United States of America. 
Were not the law enforcement branches of our government, made aware of this demonstration? I found out via TV, radio and newspapers.
Surely, some one in our grate line of law enforcement persons should have or could have taken notice.  
May be this is why it was so easy to destroy our WTC, with our own commercial aircraft, from our own airports.
Will answer be coming my way, from your office?
Thank you,
 
Michael Lentini
8069 Wysocki Ct
Spring Hill, Fl. 34606         352 650 9207
 
2976 Crosley Dr.
West palm Beach, Fl. 33415       561 308 2650
 
 
From:	Roger Bryce <rbryce@tampabay.rr.com>
Sent:	Saturday, July 8, 2006 5:00 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	[*] POOR DECISIONS ON YOUR PART

Governor Bush,

 

I have been watching your performance over the last couple of years and I find that you are continually making some decisions that are completely out of the realm of items that you should be getting involved in!

 

Those decisions area:

 

1.	Getting involved in the Tanner issue

This is definitely nothing that you should be involved in!  In review the tapes that have been shown on news networks, I can find nothing that should be investigated by you or an appointed representative of yours!  This is an issue that, apparently Mr. Tanner failed to bring his daughter up properly, and he wants to place the blame on someone else!  The officers are responsible to act to secure those prisoners that are misbehaving and they must take all measures to ensure that the prisoner does not injure themselves, others, and does not do damage to the facility that they are in!  I feel confident that the sheriff can handle any investigation that is required!

 

That will relieve you to go about your business and attend to matters that you should be overseeing, such as the state corrections facilities that were turned over to inept irresponsible management!  

 

It will relieve Mr. Tanner to go home and attempt to properly bring up his children, instead of pointing fingers at others for his failures!

 

2.	The second item that you got yourself involved in and made inappropriate remarks about was the Sheriffs camps being run around the state!  They were, overall accomplishing another function of parental failure!  Their accomplishments were torn apart by your and others misdirected condemnation of officers being criminals for what little you saw on a video clip!  You immediately condemned the Officers!  This was inappropriate and should never been done during the investigation of the matter!  I don’t believe that the officers were acting criminally, yet you jumped and condemned them and the good that the program was accomplishing!  You caused the legislature to condemn the programs to the detriment of those that have benefited and those that could have benefited in the future!

Yet you took the political avenue and caused the deputies to be criminally accused of an act that may have caused the death of a child that had been improperly brought up by parent that were quick to point fingers at the administration that was charged to do the job that they had failed to do!

 

3.	The third was the Schriver issue!  This was another area that you chose to politicize rather than to let the courts do their job!  

 

It is a sad situation that our governor is continually involving himself in issues that belong to others, just to politicize the issue!  

 

You really need to pay attention to your own inadequacies which are becoming more and more prevalent as your term ends!  You are certainly not doing your job in appointing people that end up criminally charged, as department heads.  Is this the reason that you are so quick to point fingers at other areas, in hopes of deflecting the attention to others?

 

From:	prem Maheshwari <prem1912@hotmail.com>
Sent:	Saturday, July 8, 2006 4:48 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Cc:	prem1912@peoplepc.com
Subject:	[*] RE: LET'S CREATE ENERGY USING MINKT FORMULA AND INTELLIGENT SENIORS



thank you very much . i hope you might have forwarded my letter to mr.jeb 
bush and the pesident.
I AM SURE MY 46 YEAR OF EXPERIENCE WILL BE  USEFUL TO OUR NATION .



>From: "Governor Jeb Bush" <Jeb.Bush@MyFlorida.com>
>To: "prem Maheshwari" <prem1912@hotmail.com>
>Subject: RE: LET'S CREATE ENERGY USING MINKT FORMULA AND INTELLIGENT 
>SENIORS
>Date: Fri, 7 Jul 2006 16:37:00 -0400
>
>President George W. Bush
>1600 Pennsylvania Avenue
>Washington, DC 20500
>president@whitehouse.gov
>(202) 456-2461 fax
>(202) 456-1414 phone
>
>Thank you for writing,
>LD McDonald
>Citizens' Services
>
>-----Original Message-----
>From: prem Maheshwari [mailto:prem1912@hotmail.com]
>Sent: Friday, July 07, 2006 12:05 PM
>To: Governor Jeb Bush
>Cc: prem1912@peoplepc.com
>Subject: RE: LET'S CREATE ENERGY USING MINKT FORMULA AND INTELLIGENT
>SENIORS
>
>
>KINDLY GIVE ME THE ADDRESS OF OUR PRESIDENT G.W.BUSH I NEED FAX AND PHONE#
>MY EXPERIENCE OF 46 YEARS IN THE INTERNATIONAL ERA  IN MANY FILELDS
>INCLUDING MEDICAL AND BUSINESS
>MAY HELP OUR COUNTRY
>PLESE FORWARD MY FAX TO PRESIDENT.I HAVE FAXED YESTERDAY AND THIS MORNING.
>PLEASE RESPOND. YOU CAN OPEN ATTACHMENTS BY RT MOUSE CLICK AND OPEN
>WITH--FAX VIEW WE HAVE PROBLEM WITH MICROSOFT THANKS LET'S WORK TOGATHER
>
>
>
>
>
> >From: "Governor Jeb Bush" <Jeb.Bush@MyFlorida.com>
>
>
>
>
> >To: "prem Maheshwari" <prem1912@hotmail.com>
> >Subject: RE: LET'S CREATE ENERGY USING MINKT FORMULA AND INTELLIGENT
> >SENIORS
> >Date: Thu, 6 Jul 2006 16:18:19 -0400
> >
> >We are unable to open the attachment containing your letter.  Please send
> >again using another format or fax to 850-487-0801.
> >
> >Thank you.
> >
> >
> >-----Original Message-----
> >From: prem Maheshwari [mailto:prem1912@hotmail.com]
> >Sent: Thursday, July 06, 2006 4:15 PM
> >To: Governor Jeb Bush
> >Cc: prem1912@peoplepc.com
> >Subject: LET'S CREATE ENERGY USING MINKT FORMULA AND INTELLIGENT SENIORS
> >
> >
> >KINDLY ACKNOWLEDGE  AND YOUR REMARKS
> >
> >_________________________________________________________________
> >Express yourself instantly with MSN Messenger! Download today - it's 
>FREE!
> >http://messenger.msn.click-url.com/go/onm00200471ave/direct/01/
>
>_________________________________________________________________
>Don't just search. Find. Check out the new MSN Search!
>http://search.msn.click-url.com/go/onm00200636ave/direct/01/
>

_________________________________________________________________
Is your PC infected? Get a FREE online computer virus scan from McAfee® 
Security. http://clinic.mcafee.com/clinic/ibuy/campaign.asp?cid=3963

From:	Craig Eifert <cgeifert99@yahoo.com>
Sent:	Saturday, July 8, 2006 4:14 PM
To:	Jordan, Stan; 6740ljm@jaxsheriff.com; artg@coj.net; ashad@coj.net; barnesk@educationcentral.org; barrettm@educationcentral.org; bronern@educationcentral.org; burneyb@educationcentral.org; corrigan@coj.net; ddavis@coj.net; drakev@educationcentral.org; elaineb@coj.net; frustin@coj.net; gloriousj@coj.net; gyates@coj.net; hazourit@educationcentral.org; Governor Jeb Bush; jeb@jeb.org; jpeyton@coj.net; khyde@coj.net; king.james.web@flsenate.gov; ldaniels@coj.net; lray@coj.net; lself@coj.net; mikehightower@jaxgop.org; mjones@coj.net; pfelder@coj.net; priestlyjb@educationcentral.org; rclark@coj.net; reggief@coj.net; ronnief@coj.net; scopelan@coj.net; suzannej@coj.net; walvarez@coj.net; Wise, Steve; Joyner, Arthenia; Jan Bergemannn; Domino, Carl; Cannon, Dean; Slosberg, Irving; Robert J; Stargel, John; Mahon, Mark; marti.coley@myfloridahouse.gov
Subject:	Lisa Tanner

Ladies and Gentlemen,
 
As a taxpaying citizen, I am applaud at the treatment Lisa Tanner received at the hands of Fl. law enforcement. The pictures on Fox News are disturbing and reminiscent of a couple of years ago when a Norte Dame football player was abused at the hand of Florida's finest!  
 
When grown men have to beat up a little girl and daughter of a state official one can only ask why and demand the punishment of the corrections officials involved.  Northeast Florida is undergoing a murder and homicide explosion this year and for the last 17 years.  Yet, officials are studying that problem while abusing young women. These officials are just like Bill Clinton who also abused women!  I demand a full investigation! I demand that law enforcement officials involved,  be punished to the full extent of the law! Muslim prisoners receive better treatment then Lisa Tanner has received! 

  _____  

How low will we go? Check out Yahoo! Messenger’s low PC-to-Phone call rates.
From:	Randall Townsend <docbubala@earthlink.net>
Sent:	Saturday, July 8, 2006 4:05 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	DA Daughter

Randall Townsend
1255 W. McNeill
Stephenville, TX 76401-4130


July 8, 2006

The Honorable Jeb Bush
Governor of Florida
The Capitol, 400 S. Monroe St.
Tallahassee, FL 32399-0001


 Governor Bush:

Mr. Bush,
We need to go back to basics and remember that if the young lady would 
have never fought the Police in the first place then this incident would 
have never happened.  We need to put the responsibility back on the person 
that broke the law and not the officers that are trying to do their job in 
the best way they know how.

Sincerely,


Randall Townsend
254-965-7031

This message has been verified by CapwizXC as authentic and sent by this 
individual.  Authentication ID: [OJR61Fg2]


From:	R belle <belle_483@yahoo.com>
Sent:	Saturday, July 8, 2006 3:36 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	sorry

I do love you and your family very much as crazy as that may sound.  I would be glad to change my heair however it is curtesy of your brothers  friends in his amdinistraytion. Forgive me if you findthe mexian trash more efficient she is criminal not one that shouldhave ever tought to borrow my name or any variation ofmy name for anything inthe world  even fwith persmision for a movie that alsow while i am very muchinthe land of hteliving cannot andshouldnot have beenentertained without my express permsision.  . 
 
Threw the express jeans out by th wy...
 
Feel freeto send more cash when you felfeelllike it thanks. 
PLEASE MAKE SURE THAT MARGAESRT IS OT IPERMNATING ME OR HER  SEX PARENTER  EITHER OF THEM OKAY. PLEASE MAKE SURE THAT  THE PRIME MINISTER OF AFIRCA UDNERSTNAD THA I never would impersonlate her  but athat is more than I couldsay aobut her isntit> Pleae keep whatever mexican your brother apporved to iiratte me  under any fasle minsitry   out of my life all toghether  and if that is his reqeust for me to for him then have him honor absolutley all myrequests as soon aspossible.
 
Look forwrd to sailing onthe yacht withyou,  
 
By thewy you are fazmilialr withthe email accounts belle_483@yahoo.com, rverdeguez@yahoo.com, sevearl hotmail.com accounts faceesofdestiny05@yahoo.com,  rebeckah_trail@yahoo.com,  in additon to others. Please  keep them out of those and have them replace anything they took out of them  as sooon aspossible particularly if they soughtto trandsfer thinstotheir emails acocutns to  get away with crimanila activity. Pelase dont be among those that asalute crimnial orrewrd crimnal actifvtiyas I dont car if  the comander incheif accidently rubbed her vagina one night insteadof his legal wifeor tried to make hermargie is hislegal wife  let her be a legal wife in prison  alogn withthe martha steawrs etc etc etc Thed quote I tried to be her  presidnets frien thwayI wsnt suppsosed in Texas" is stupid please get her out ofme all otgether that is all.  IT makes me act spidly. IT makes me write stupidly and offend people eedlessly

  _____  

Want to be your own boss? Learn how on Yahoo! Small Business. 
From:	fanborn2@aol.com
Sent:	Saturday, July 8, 2006 3:20 PM
To:	president@whitehouse.gov
Cc:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	ILLEGAL IMMIGRANTS MUST GO

IN THE NAME OF GOD, WHEN ARE WE GOING TO HAVE STRONG LEADERSHIP TO EASE THE PAIN OF MIDDLE CLASS AMERICANS - WE WHO HAVE WORKED AND FOUGHT TO MAKE THIS COUNTRY STRONG. ? ??
MANY OF US ARE NOW IN RETIREMENT. WE ARE SUFFERING EVERYWHERE - ESPECIALLY AT THE GAS PUMP - ALSO IN TERMS OF THE NEW PRESCRIPTION SO-CALLED DRUG BENEFIT. THE MONTHLY PREMIUMS ARE EATING AWAY AT OUR SAVINGS. HOUSING IS INCREASINGLY OUT OF REACH.WE ARE SICK AND TIRED OF SEEING ILLEGAL IMMIGRANTS TAKING JOBS FROM LEGITIMATE CITIZENS, WHO NOW CANNOT FIND DECENT PAYING WORK. EX: A LOCAL FLORIDA CONTRACTOR FREELY ADMITTED HE GAVE HIS HISPANIC WORKERS THE DAY OFF TO PARTICIPATE IN A RECENT PROTEST. CORPORATE DOWN-SIZING HAS CONTRIBUTED TO THE MAGNITUDE OF THE PROBLEMS WE FACE AND ENRICHED THE COFFERS OF CEO'S, MANY OF WHOSE SALARIES AND SEVERANCE PACKAGES ARE NOW AT OBSCENE LEVELS. SAD TO SEE THIS GREAT COUNTRY NOW SO ETHICALLY CHALLENGED. 
                                                    MR. AND MRS. C. H. HUNTER
                                                    CLEARWATER, FL   33767
From:	Dimitry Usherenko <dusherenko@hotmail.com>
Sent:	Saturday, July 8, 2006 2:36 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Conspiracy against US.

I have an important message for you.
I am concernet abaut internet conspiracy.Right now in New Jersey and other 
states going on investigation people who was involve in conspiracy against 
US.This people provide terrrists activities thru HI-TECH sorces.This 
ivestigation on my opinion with out the control because people who under 
investigation still I have an importI have an important message for you.
I am concernet abaut internet conspiracy.Right now in New Jersey and other 
states going on investigation people who was involve in conspiracy against 
US.This people provide terrrists activities thru HI-TECH sorces.This 
ivestigation on my opinion with out the control because people who under 
investigation still I have an important message for you.
I am concernet abaut internet conspiracy.Right now in New Jersey and other 
states going on investigation people who was involve in conspiracy against 
US.This people provide terrrists activities thru HI-TECH sorces.This 
ivestigation on my opinion with out the control because people who under 
investigation still active iven inside prisens.For some reason this people 
due HI-TECH activities to make slow process Free from violation on HI-TECH 
sources.We have today situation when the borders secure, bat inside the 
country still possibility for terror and conflicts between atnic group of 
people.
People are sending signals to MY body thru HI-TECH sorces.This is cousing ME 
great discomfort.I am sure I am not the only person receving these impulses.
THES CONSPIRACY HAS AFFECTED MY FAMILY AND I FOR THE LAST YEARS.Right now 
that this conspiracy invoves a group of people from each ethnic group living 
in the US.
In MY opinion there is a conspiracy going through the Homeland Security 
defens sorcec and with. This may affect all Society and Goverment.I am 
refering to monitord human mind.In MY opinion this situation is happening 
World wide,in other countries.
If you wish to speak with ME, I can be reached at 15 Stratfords apartments 
apt 16 Old Bridge NJ 08857    phone 7325531014 e-mail dusherenko@hotmail.com 
SS [REDACTED]
                   DIMITRY Usherenko.7/9/06

_________________________________________________________________
Don’t just search. Find. Check out the new MSN Search! 
http://search.msn.click-url.com/go/onm00200636ave/direct/01/

From:	Paula <floridagirl5942@twcny.rr.com>
Sent:	Saturday, July 8, 2006 2:32 PM
To:	info@weekiwachee.com
Cc:	Governor Jeb Bush; Fasano, Mike; Russell, Dave; executive@swfwmd.state.fl.us
Subject:	Save our Tails

Dear Weeki Wachee Springs Residents,
It breaks my heart to hear what SWFWMD is trying to do to your park and I'm absolutely shocked that they haven't been stopped.  What are Jeb Bush, Mike Fasano and Dave Russell and others in government doing to stop this terrible thing from happening?  How can they sit back and do nothing?  Closing Weeki Wachee Springs would be such a terrible  crime.  It's a wonderful part of our old Florida  history and hopefully our future.  Our world has become so high tech and rush rush rush that it is absolutely essential in my opinion that we have places like Weeki Wachee Springs.  These are places where we can step back from our daily lives and enjoy the natural wonders of the world we live in.  
 
We can't allow the likes of SWFWMD to get away with destroying one of our wonderful Florida parks and I'm sure their motives are the usual.  Greed!!!  
 
As a native Floridian who now lives out of state, I can't tell you how much it means to me to be able to re-visit the various parks my parent took me and my siblings to as children.  We have very fond memories of Weeki Wachee Springs, Silver Springs and Cyprus Gardens from our various trips over the years and I'm sure many other families feel the same way.  
 
With that in mind, I will be returning to my hometown of Orlando, Florida in just 12 days.  During that visit, I can promise you that my whole family will be making a trip to Weeki Wachee Springs to relive some of our fond memories from the past and to make new memories with my niece and nephews.  
 
We strongly support your efforts  and hope that the park fees that we and other families pay will help keep the park open so that future generations can continue to enjoy Weeki Wachee Springs too.   
Best Regards,
Paula Campion
3636 Rockwell Road
Marcellus, NY 13108
From:	sandy nicometo <sandysez@atlantic.net>
Sent:	Saturday, July 8, 2006 1:57 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	just a note of thanks

I just want to thank you for your wonderful service these past years to our state and country! You "Bush folks "  are such good Americans --Mom and Dad(yours!) gave this country, as well as the whole  world ,some strong leaders .Please continue to serve us for many years ahead!
Also thank you for the recent visit to our troops overseas--I know that it touched them to be remembered  by you , and our president too.
We here in The Villages, are trying to do our part to support the troops with our strong organization named "Operation Shoeboxers" which sends about 400 bags of personal supplies and letters weekly over to them. That is indeed an amazing group of volunteers who weekly give up most of Monday to do that work...and to plan fund raisers also constantly to further the cause! Next time you come here maybe it can be a Monday visit --how proud we would be to have you.!(Rep. Hugh Gibson recently paid a visit there and said he was shocked at the enormity of the operation!!)
God bless you & your family and God Bless America!!  
 
 
Sincerely,
 
Sandy Nicometo
1502 Aquino Lane
The villages, Florida  32159
From:	captainrealestate@juno.com
Sent:	Saturday, July 8, 2006 12:42 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Your Signing of Two Key Legal Bills!

     ...were both huge errors and atrocious blunders that will make it yet harder for duly-recognized legal representatives to help the average working family, and MY FAMILY will Not be voting REPUBLICAN this fall.

     Stupid thing to do!  It's draconian to say the least!!!!!

          Sincerely, Harry Boggs,  1248 Red Dandy Drive, Orlando, FL  32818



________________________________________________________________________
Try Juno Platinum for Free! Then, only $9.95/month!
Unlimited Internet Access with 1GB of Email Storage.
Visit http://www.juno.com/value to sign up today!

From:	David Copeland <gumsandals@yahoo.com>
Sent:	Saturday, July 8, 2006 12:30 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Miamicentric website

Dear Governor Bush,
 
Please check out my new Miamicentric website at www.miamivisionblogarama.com. Hopefully it will become the forum for advocacy and discussion regarding Miami and the Beaches. 
 
Thank you,
DC Copeland
From:	russell cuddy <mfc1335@earthlink.net>
Sent:	Saturday, July 8, 2006 12:26 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush; Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	RE: Governor Jeb Bush's IN THE NEWS... Friday, July 7, 2006

You brag about the effectiveness of the "seat-belt" law and you won't even
reconsider the re-enactment of a motorcycle helmet law. Look at the
statistics and see how many lives you could save and how many serious
injuries you could prevent by passing a motorcycle helmet law. R. Cuddy


> [Original Message]
> From: Governor Jeb Bush <jeb.bush@myflorida.com>
> To: Governor Jeb Bush <jeb.bush@myflorida.com>
> Date: 07/08/2006 7:55:05 AM
> Subject: Governor Jeb Bush's IN THE NEWS... Friday, July 7, 2006
>
> For those E-Newsletter recipients who have Adobe Acrobat reader, Governor
> Bush's e-newsletter is available in .PDF format by clicking here:
>
> http://www.flgov.com/in_the_news
>
> The text version of the e-newsletter is below.
>
>
> RECORD NUMBER OF FLORIDIANS USING SAFETY BELTS
>
> On Thursday I announced that a record number of Floridians are using
safety
> belts. The Preusser Research Group recently reported that 80.7 percent of
> drivers and their front seat passengers are using safety belts on Florida
> highways.  Overall, safety belt usage rates in Florida have climbed more
> than 20 percent since 2000. A vast majority of Floridians are using safety
> belts. Wearing a safety belt saves lives. It is the single most effective
> way to prevent injuries and reduce fatalities in motor vehicle crashes.
For
> more information on Florida's 'Click It or Ticket' safety belt campaign,
> please visit www.clickitfla.com.
>
>
> CHRISTA CALAMAS APPOINTED SECRETARY OF THE FLORIDA AGENCY FOR HEALTH CARE
> ADMINISTRATION
>
> On Thursday I named Christa Calamas as Secretary of the Florida Agency for
> Health Care Administration (AHCA). Calamas most recently served as the
> General Counsel for AHCA.  The appointment is effective July 8. 
Previously,
> she served as Assistant General Counsel to Governor Bush from 2002 to
2005.
> Calamas replaces Secretary Alan Levine who was recently selected as the
new
> CEO of the North Broward Hospital District. Christa's extensive experience
> in health care policy continues to be a great asset to my administration.
I
> am confident Christa will continue the good work done by Secretary Levine
as
> Florida implements landmark Medicaid reform, leads the nation in public
> reporting of hospital information and begins the process of creating
> networks for electronic medical records. All three of these priorities
will
> fundamentally improve the way health care is delivered in our state. For
> more information on Florida's consumer-driven health care initiatives,
> please visit http://ahca.myflorida.com or www.floridacomparecare.gov. 
>
>
> POINTS OF LIGHT AWARD PRESENTED TO ALICIA CRABTREE
>
> On Wednesday I recognized Alicia Crabtree of Melbourne as this week's
Points
> of Light Award recipient.  For over three years, Alicia has dedicated her
> time to volunteer efforts at the Melbourne Children's Home Society, an
> organization designed to prevent child abuse and neglect. I am proud to
> recognize Alicia for the tremendous impact she has had on the lives of
> others less fortunate. She has given selflessly of her time and resources
> for the enhancement of others.  Alicia is to be commended for her
> extraordinary commitment to the community and should serve as an example
to
> us all.  For more information, or to nominate, go to
> www.VolunteerFloridaFoundation.org.
>
> Congratulations!
>
> To read more about this week's winners, please click here: 
> http://www.flgov.com/release/7975
>
>
> GOVERNOR BUSH'S 2006 LEGISLATIVE INITIATIVES
>
> Please visit www.govfloridaforum.com.
>        
> ____________________________________________________________________
> Volume 8, Issue 27
> Copyright(c) 2006 State of Florida
>  
> If you would like to change your subscription or unsubscribe, please go
to:
> http://www.myflorida.com/myflorida/subscribe.html
>
>
> Thank you.
>
>


From:	FAZIEJ@aol.com
Sent:	Saturday, July 8, 2006 12:25 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Re: Governor Jeb Bush's IN THE NEWS... Friday, July 7, 2006

I wanted to address some concerns that I hope Governor Bush can shed some light on. 
 
Why does this country bring in people from other countries, give them welfare and what have you, then turn around and cut benefits for Senor citizens that paid taxes all of their lives. My Aunt is eighty-seven, worked from the time she was twenty and retired from a sewing factory when she was seventy-two. She is a widow, lives alone, never has driven a car, and she is forced to call on friends or neighbors to take her to get groceries, etc.
 
She cannot get food stamps, welfare, and barely gets enough to buy her medical necessities. Though her house is paid for, it is in really bad condition and she cannot seem to get anyone to help her.
 
We called the Council on Aging, and they said they were filled to capacity with other needy clients, yet everywhere I look around, it is NEVER a white person who is getting help. Especially white seniors. I would like to see a study done on the ratio of folks who were born in this country verses immigrants of various heritage and see who gets help most often.
 
If you have those reports and they are TRUE AND ACCURATE, I will shut up.
 
Thanks for taking the time to listen.
 
 
Faye Hammac
From:	Dave Shames <shamesd@earthlink.net>
Sent:	Saturday, July 8, 2006 12:08 PM
To:	Leslie.Anderson-Adams@dca.state.fl.us; julie.evans@dca.state.fl.us
Cc:	BBandCHRISSY@aol.com; mangel@cfl.rr.com; jmurray@cfl.rr.com; jmurray10@cfl.rr.com; kderouin@cfl.rr.com; mwillis@ouc.com; RButts6268@aol.com; Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Glen Arden Heights Civic Association

Good morning, Counselor Anderson-Adams:

 

It is with great dismay that I received the July 2006 edition of a newsletter from the Glen Arden Heights Civic Association.  It included the distressing news that DCA has authorized the reinstatement of covenants and restrictions for this Civic Association.  As previously discussed via email, the GAHCA has no lien-filing capabilities written into the “expired” covenants and restrictions.  In fact, during its 40-year history, it has never attempted to file a lien.  Unlike you, I am NOT an attorney, but my understanding is that the ability to file liens is a REQUIREMENT, per the F.S. 720 definition of a HOA, in order to revive the covenants and restrictions.

 

I, along with several neighbors, am prepared to file a legal challenge to this finding.  It is our contention that this “civic” association is just that -a “civic association”- and may have used HB391, vetoed by Governor Bush, to restore covenants and restrictions.  

 

Also per our previous discussions, I would like to request any available public records, pursuant to this decision, for review.

 

I look forward to a prompt reply.

 

Sincerely,

 

David M. Shames

410 Monticello Drive

Altamonte Springs, FL  32701

(407) 265-0257

 

  _____  

From: BBandCHRISSY@aol.com [mailto:BBandCHRISSY@aol.com] 
Sent: Thursday, July 06, 2006 11:11 AM
To: Leslie.Anderson-Adams@dca.state.fl.us
Cc: julie.evans@dca.state.fl.us
Subject: Fwd: FW: FW: Glen Arden Heights (follow-up)

 

Counselor Anderson-Adams

 

Please excuse the precursory messages. I wanted to follow up on my neighbor David Shames' correspondence regarding the Glen Arden Heights Civic Association, and due to the time lapse and volume I'm sure you receive, I thought it would be helpful.

 

I share the views expressed by David Shames concerning the legitimacy of the revitalization efforts by the GAHCA. I believe the 720 Statutes disqualify them and render them a voluntary only association. In fact I have recently reviewed original documents that address the expulsion of a member for non payment of association dues. As well, an exhaustive search of Seminole County civil records has failed to reveal any lawsuit activity filed by the GAHCA since its inception over forty years ago.

 

Also troubling is the possibility of fraudulent practice by the committee during the ballot process, involving, but not limited to, the misrepresentation of facts, and inaccurate information, provided to our neighbors prior to voting.

 

Taking into account the Honorable Governor Jeb Bush's veto of House Bill 391, we feel confident the GAHCA should remain voluntary. However we stand ready in opposition of any and all attempts by them to the contrary.

 

Sincerely,

 

Neil L Burns

404 Monticello Dr

Altamonte Springs, FL 32701

407 830-0122

 

From:	bealeutmchio@aol.com
Sent:	Saturday, July 8, 2006 11:45 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush; Daen-zc@hqda.army.mil; Robert.M.Carpenter@saj02.usace.army.mil; Lawrence.C.Evans@saj02.usace.army.mil; president@whitehouse.gov
Subject:	Fwd: Navarre Beach Restoration Project Suspension

 
 
-----Original Message-----
From: N525jl@aol.com
To: N525jl@aol.com
Sent: Fri, 7 Jul 2006 9:58:59 AM Eastern Daylight Time
Subject: Fwd: FW: Navarre Beach Restoration Project Suspension


 
Attached Message
From:	 R. Lee Morris <morrisleer@aol.com>	
To:	 N525jl@aol.com	
Subject:	 FW: Navarre Beach Restoration Project Suspension	
Date:	 Fri, 7 Jul 2006 05:39:22 -0400	
Jimmy
 
Please distribute as soon as possible.
 
Thanks
 
  _____  

From: Jane Johnson [mailto:janej@mchsi.com] 
Sent: Thursday, July 06, 2006 10:01 PM
To: Undisclosed-Recipient:;
Subject: Fw: Navarre Beach Restoration Project Suspension
 
To the NBLRA:  
 
----- Original Message ----- 
From: Kenny Wilder 
To: 'Jane Johnson' 
Cc: 'Peter Ravella' 
Sent: Thursday, July 06, 2006 6:46 PM
Subject: Navarre Beach Restoration Project Suspension
 
PLEASE SEND YOUR E-MAIL TODAY!
 
I posted below my e-mail that was sent today to certain public officials to persuade them to allow the Navarre Beach Restoration Project to start up again. Please send your e-mail TODAY to the following public officials and let them know that you want the last 1,400 feet of the Navarre Beach Restoration Project to be completed now. Let’s Roll! 
 
Governor Jeb Bush
E-mail: jeb.bush@myflorida.com 
 
Office of the Chief of Engineers
E-mail: Daen-zc@hqda.army.mil 
 
Col. Robert Carpenter – Compliance/Jacksonville District – US Corps of Engineers
E-mail: Robert.M.Carpenter@saj02.usace.army.mil
 
Lawrence Evans- Director/Jacksonville District – US Corps of Engineers 
E-mail: Lawrence.C.Evans@saj02.usace.army.mil
  _____  

 
President George W. Bush
E-mail: president@whitehouse.gov 
 
US Senator Bill Nelson
*Web Mail: http://billnelson.senate.gov/contact/email.cfm 
 
US Senator Mel Martinez
*Web Mail: http://martinez.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?FuseAction=ContactInformation.ContactForm&CFID=8835419&CFTOKEN=44063593 
 
US Congressman Jeff Miller
*Web Mail: http://jeffmiller.house.gov/index.cfm?FuseAction=Contact.Home 
 
*In sending an e-mail to Senator Nelson, Senator Martinez and Congressman Miller you will have to go to the online links above and use web mail forms. 
 
 
My E-mail Sent Today to Public Officials 
  _____  

From: Kenny Wilder [mailto:kenny@navarrebeachphotos.com] 
Sent: Thursday, July 06, 2006 5:25 PM
To: 'president@whitehouse.gov'; 'jeb.bush@myflorida.com'; 'Daen-zc@hqda.army.mil'; 'Robert.M.Carpenter@saj02.usace.army.mil'; 'Lawrence.C.Evans@saj02.usace.army.mil'
Subject: Navarre Beach Restoration Project Suspension
 
Public Officials: 
 
I am requesting your assistance in persuading the US Army Corps of Engineers (COE) to permit the continued beach restoration of Navarre Beach.
 
The COE shut down the Navarre Beach Restoration Project until at least late October.  The sand dredging operation on Navarre Beach had been suspended because a juvenile loggerhead turtle was killed early Saturday morning, July 1st. The COE conducted a risk assessment of the project and its two dredges, the R.N. Weeks and B.E. Lindholm, earlier this week before halting the project. 
 
The dead turtle discovered Saturday was the third one killed by a dredge since Weeks Marine, the dredge contractor, started the Navarre Beach Restoration Project on March 17th. 
 
Coastal Technology, the beach restoration project consultant for Santa Rosa County, sent a letter of reconsideration to the COE as an appeal Wednesday, July 5th, of the COE’s suspension decision. It is my understanding that the appeal may be based on the following:
 

*	To Allow Weeks Marine to resume dredging until completion to fill in the remaining 1,400 feet of beach and extend the 14 foot high dune system the entire length of the project. Coastal Technology thinks the project could be completed in about 14 days. 

 

*	To complete the beach restoration project, because only 6 loggerhead turtles have been killed by dredging in 2006 in the entire Gulf of Mexico from Key West, FL to Brownsville, TX. The COE regulations in accordance with the National Marine Fisheries Service allows for 40 Loggerhead takes (kills) for the Gulf of Mexico. The allowed take of turtles in the Gulf of Mexico by hopper dredging operations (40 takes for Loggerheads, 20 takes for Kemps Ridleys) represents less than 1% of the total allowed takes for these species each year from all activities in the Gulf of Mexico. 

 

*	The COE is not following its own regulations that allow 40 Loggerhead turtle takes (kills) by dredging for the Gulf Coast where to date only 6 Loggerhead turtles have been killed by dredging for the fiscal year that ends September 30. The allowed take of turtles in the Gulf of Mexico by hopper dredging operations (40 takes for Loggerheads, 20 takes for Kemps Ridleys) represents less than 1% of the total allowed takes for these species each year from all activities in the Gulf of Mexico. The official information about the allowed turtle takes can be viewed on page 5 of the COE’s website by going to the following link:    

 
           http://el.erdc.usace.army.mil/tessp/pdfs/2005GulfBO.pdf 
 

*	In comparison, the shrimp industry is allowed to kill 3,948 Loggerhead turtles annually with their trawlers in the waters of the Gulf of Mexico. Yet our beach restoration has been stopped because of 3 turtles killed in a dredging operation that is well below the allowed limit. 

 

*	If the beach restoration suspension continues for a few more days Santa Rosa County may have no choice but to shut down the project. It is my understanding that if Weeks Marine has to come back later to resume dredging, the cost to start back up could exceed 1.5 million dollars. 

 
Why is the Corps shutting down the Navarre Project when we have not even reached the halfway point for allowed annual hopper dredge takes (kills) for Loggerhead or Kemps Ridley Turtles in the Gulf of Mexico, especially when there are only 3 months left in this Fiscal Year (September 31) and the project shutdown ordered by the Corps will cost the State, County and Leaseholders more than $1.5 million?  
 
I’m very sorry about the killing of 3 turtles at Navarre Beach, but leaving a 1,400 foot gap in the middle of our 3.6 mile beach during hurricane season could have disastrous results. This uncompleted 1,400 gap could cause major flooding to the east and west of the entire 3.6 miles of beach. Millions of dollars in property damage is likely if we are hit by a hurricane or tropical storm. 
 
I respectfully submit to you that the suspension is not warranted. Please help us at Navarre Beach so that dredging and beach restoration may resume.
 
Thank you,
 
Copy: I’m forwarding this e-mail via web mail to US Senator Mel Martinez, US Senator Bill Nelson and US Congressman Jeff Miller
 
 
Kenny Wilder
NavarreBeachPhotos.com
Navarre Beach, Florida
www.NavarreBeachPhotos.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
if ((parent != null) && (parent.ProcessCommand != null)) parent.ProcessCommand('bodyLoaded', true); 
  _____  

MailScanner has detected a possible fraud attempt from "pr.atwola.com" claiming to be Check out AOL.com today. Breaking news, video search, pictures, email and IM. All on demand. Always Free.

From:	Burgess, Moktaria <mburgess@miami.edu>
Sent:	Saturday, July 8, 2006 11:23 AM
To:	recording@miamidade.gov
Cc:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Traffic Citation 6041-EPJ
Attachments:	Maki Burgess (Burgess, Moktaria).vcf

 

To Whom It May Concern:

 

My name is Moktaria Burgess, and I received a traffic citation, # 6041-EPJ, on June 15, 2006.  I would like to appeal it and I have followed all the procedures to do so.  As of today, unfortunately I have not heard anything yet from your office, in which I send via post office all necessary paper work, including a copy of my citation to: Clerk of Courts, PO Box 02-5450, Miami, FL 33102-5450, as listed on the brochure.  I have also been calling your office at tel: 305-275-1111 every other day in order to speak with a live person, but unfortunately I can only speak to a machine. Your brochure mentions that the number, also know as DIAL, is available 24 hours a day/7days a wk.  I have gone online to your website to enter my citation number (see above) but your system tells me that it CANNOT be found, even as of today.  My assumption is that my citation number has not been entered into your system yet. 

 

I would really appreciate a phone call or an e-mail regarding this matter.  Please keep in mind that we only have one month to appeal from the date a traffic citation is received and time is running out.  Also, a suggestion is that you might want to extend the time/length of the appeals to more than one month.

 

Yours truly,

 

 

Mrs. Moktaria Burgess   

From:	LJaskol@aol.com
Sent:	Saturday, July 8, 2006 11:08 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Check out NBC2 News Online - Illegal immigrants rarely face deportation

NBC2 News Online - Illegal immigrants rarely face deportation 
 
Governor Bush, I cannot believe that this is happening in our State and that nothing can be done about it.
 
Thank you for taking the time to read this article.
 
Lynn Jaskol
Naples, FL
From:	Robert Mooney <rhmooney3@hotmail.com>
Sent:	Saturday, July 8, 2006 10:19 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Cc:	jlnsrhazard@bellsouth.net
Subject:	Lake Okeechobee Dike: Storms of 1926, 1928 and 20??



Dear Gov. Jeb Bush:

The Lake Okeechobee dike has collapsed before and it can again.

Robert Hazard has dedicated himself to the lost souls of a past failure.


http://www.evergladesvillage.net/storm28/


(Excerpt)

Anger has simmered for decades in West Palm Beach's African-American 
community over disparate memorials for black and white storm victims. In the 
segregated cemetery of the time, 69 white victims in a mass grave received a 
proper marker. A mass grave in a pauper's cemetery for 674 black victims was 
never marked and was forgotten. It has shared space at various times with a 
dump, a sewage plant and a street extension.

"These were people who lived and worked in this county — who gave their 
lives. It's not right," says Robert Hazard, 55, who heads the Storm of '28 
Memorial Coalition.

Finally, last year, a historical marker was placed at the mass grave. Hazard 
continues to lobby for a city park. To mark the storm's anniversary, he 
plans a funeral-style processional from Lake Okeechobee to the grave site.

The Historical Society of Palm Beach County is trying to merge the myriad 
experiences of the hurricane into a cohesive whole for events marking the 
anniversary. The toll was so terrible that some who survived the hurricane 
and its aftermath are said to have gone mad.

Source:
http://www.usatoday.com/weather/hurricane/2003-09-04-hurricane-usat_x.htm

It would be wonderful if you could be part -- in some manner -- of this 
year's rememberance.

Bob
561-267-7250 (cell)

_________________________________________________________________
Don’t just search. Find. Check out the new MSN Search! 
http://search.msn.click-url.com/go/onm00200636ave/direct/01/

From:	Dee Roberson <droberson1@tampabay.rr.com>
Sent:	Saturday, July 8, 2006 9:49 AM
To:	comments@whitehouse.gov
Cc:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	old people

 
GW:
I've agreed with your opinion on most things, but your stance on the illegal aliens would ALMOST want me to change my party affiliation!!!  And I've been a STAUNCH Republican all my adult life (now 73).

 

This does make a statement doesn't it? 

5 million of our older Americans have not signed up yet for their
Medicare, Part D, drug plan------they are old and confused. We are not going to grant them an extension. 

However, 12 million illegal aliens are in our country and we are going to allow them to stay, protest, procreate, receive support monies, attend schools, avoid paying income taxes, have our teachers take 300 hours of ESL (English as a Second Language) training at our expense, etc.

WE MUST REALLY DISLIKE OUR OLD PEOPLE!!......OR WE MUST REALLY LOVE TACOS MORE! 









From:	complexpromo@gmail.com
Sent:	Saturday, July 8, 2006 9:35 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	jeb bush from angel ordonez

I hope all is well. Let's get some more money for  our schools 

-- 
Contact Information:
Angel Andres Ordonez
Tel: 786.281-7163
Email: complexpromo@gmail.com 

This electronic message contains PRIVILEGED AND CONFIDENTIAL
INFORMATION intended only for the use of the addressee named above. If you are not
the intended recipient of this electronic message, or the employee or 
representative of the intended recipient, you are hereby notified that
any dissemination or copying of this electronic message is strictly
prohibited. 
From:	lupomannaro <lupomannaro@bellsouth.net>
Sent:	Saturday, July 8, 2006 9:18 AM
To:	Garcia, Rudy; Governor Jeb Bush
Cc:	Rivera, David; president@whitehouse.gov
Subject:	PLEASE JUST STOP IT




> Mr. Frank Mascaro
> 72 Whitethorn Dr.
> Miami Springs, GA 33166
>
> July 8, 2006
>
>
> The Honorable Bill Nelson
> United States Senate
> 716 Hart Senate Office Building
> Washington, DC 20510-0905
>
>
> Dear Senator Nelson:
>
>        Let's go straight to the point. The only way I want my tax dollar 
> spent on illegal immigrants is getting them the **** out of this country. 
> I haven't as of yet found out which congressperson came up with the idea 
> of allowing the illegals access to our social security money, but the idea 
> is absolutely ridiculous. Is the social security program not in enough 
> trouble already? The key word in this whole issue is "illegal". They are 
> felons according to the law. They should be treated as such.
>       Here's a little insight into the minds of most Americans. The 
> candidate who is toughest on immigration issues will be elected to his or 
> her post of choice.    Thank you for your time.
>
>
> Sincerely,
>
>
>
> Frank Mascaro 

From:	Jere Moore <jeremoore@earthlink.net>
Sent:	Saturday, July 8, 2006 9:13 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Cc:	jjames@sptimes.com
Subject:	honest governors

Governor, 
 
Joni James's St. Pete Times article Friday about the decline in your net worth while you have been governor reminds me of an event that occurred while I was still an AP reporter. About 30 years ago, at the graveside funeral for Fuller Warren in Blountstown on the banks of the Apalachicola River, Claude Pepper delivered one of the most unusual eulogies I ever heard. He said Fuller Warren was so honest that he had less money after being governor than before. If Sen. Pepper marked that as a sign of honesty, maybe you can adopt it, too, although I have never heard of anyone questioning your honesty, maybe your judgment sometimes but not your honesty.
 
Jere Moore
jeremoore@earthlink.net
EarthLink Revolves Around You.
 

From:	Echase2002@aol.com
Sent:	Saturday, July 8, 2006 9:02 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Cc:	president@whitehouse.gov
Subject:	Is this true???
Attachments:	Social Security Solution

If this is true then I will no longer care about American government.   Get to the numbers on the bottom of this chain letter and let me know if its true or if someone is playing games.  
 
 
Ed Chase
6024 Williamsburg Way
Tampa, Florida 33625
813-817-2041


 
 
  
Social Security 2008
WHY WAIT UNTIL 2008?  THERE IS AN ELECTION IN 2006.  I HEREWITH FIRMLY STATE THAT I WILL NOT VOTE FOR ANY POLITICIAN, REGARDLESS OF THE OTHER ISSUES, IF HE DOES NOT SPONSOR AND SUPPORT THE FOLLOWING LEGISLATION.. THAT INCLUDES EVERYONE STANDING FOR ELECTION IN 2006. 
LET US SHOW OUR LEADERS IN WASHINGTON "PEOPLE POWER" AND THE POWER OF THE INTERNET.  LET ME KNOW IF YOU ARE WITH ME ON THIS BY FORWARDING TO EVERYONE IN YOUR ADDRESS BOOK. 
  
IT DOESN'T MATTER IF YOU ARE REPUBLICAN OR DEMOCRAT!




KEEP IT GOING!!!!



2008 Election Issue!!

GET A BILL STARTED TO PLACE ALL POLITICIANS ON SOC. SEC.


This must be an issue in "2008" Please! Keep it going.

----------------------------------

SOCIAL SECURITY:

(This is worth reading. It is short and to the point.)

Perhaps we are asking the wrong questions during election years.

Our Senators and Congresswomen do not pay into Social Security and, of course, they do not collect from it.< B R>
You see, Social Security benefits were not suitable for persons of their rare elevation in society. They felt they should have a special plan for themselves. So, many years ago they voted in their own benefit plan.

In more recent years, no congressperson has felt the need to change it. After all, it is a great plan.

For all practical purposes their plan works like this:

When they retire, they continue to draw the same pay until they die.

Except it may increase from time to time for cost of living adjustments..

For example, Senator Byrd and Congressman White and their wives may expect to draw $7,800,000.00 (that's Seven Million, Eight-Hundred Thousand Dollars), with their wives drawing $275,000.00 during the last years of their lives.

This is calculated on an average life span for each of those two Dignitaries.


Younger Dignitaries who retire at an early age, will receive much more during the rest of their lives.

Their cost for this excellent plan is $0.00. NADA.! ..ZILCH...

This little perk they voted for themselves is free to them You and I pick up the tab for this plan. The funds for this fine retirement plan come directly from the General Funds; 

"OUR TAX DOLLARS AT WORK"! 

>From our own Social Security Plan, which you and I pay (or have paid) into, every payday until we retire (which amount is matched by our employer) we can expect to get an average of $1,000 per mont h after retirement.

Or, in other words, we would have to collect our average of $1,000 monthly benefits for 68 years and one (1) month to equal Senator! Bill Bradley's benefits!




Social Security could be very good if only one small change were made.

That change would be to:


Jerk the Golden Fleece Retirement Plan from under the Senators and Congressmen Put them into the Social Security p lan wi th the rest of us


then sit back.....


and see how fast they would fix it.

If enough people receive this, maybe a seed of awareness will be planted and maybe good changes will evolve.



How many people CAN you send this to?


Better yet......


How many people WILL you send this to ?
<![endif]> 



  _____  

MailScanner has detected a possible fraud attempt from "pr.atwola.com" claiming to be Check out AOL.com today. Breaking news, video search, pictures, email and IM. All on demand. Always Free.


 
From:	wheatergrl@aol.com
Sent:	Saturday, July 8, 2006 8:06 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Re: Governor Jeb Bush's IN THE NEWS... Friday, July 7, 2006

Media alert/ the Port St. Lucie Trib this week presented a very unflattering portrait of K. Harris/no word was mentioned of B. Nelson's VERY LIBERAL voting record/she said he is rated to the left of Hillary and Chuck Shumer and that he (Nelson) voted against the ban on partial birth abortion/ I wrote corpcom@scripps.com to tell them I wasn't going to keep silent during this election cycle and see the GOP and conservatives bashed  yet again/the media just do not tell the whole story -they don't tell how liberal Nelson's voting record is/we have to speak out/cheers, Suzanne Eovaldi
From:	TJM4809@aol.com
Sent:	Saturday, July 8, 2006 8:02 AM
To:	info@gatesfoundation.org; zmiller@mckennalong.com; americas@ps.net; hc@hermancain.com; rbadie@ajc.com; governorowens@state.co.us; Governor.Rell@po.state.ct.us; jeb.bush@ my florida.com; governor@maine.gov; tim.pawlenty@state.mn.us
Subject:	Re: A Plea

Only now, will I rest, knowing I have done all I can.
TJM


07/08/06

Dear Governors, and Patriots of every type:

   I spent this past 4th of July, 2006 weekend in quiet contemplation of the State of our Union and I conclude that there is little to celebrate, except our past, and there is abundant reason to worry regarding our future. 

  The reason for my bleak an assessment is that our current, and recent past, Executives and Congresses have proven weak and easily distracted from the essential responsibility of the care of our Nation, as a Nation.  

  In the more distant past, the Federal largesse may have negatively affected one demographic group [or group of States], to the supposed benefit of another.  Opinions on the success of this method vary, but it was akin to taking somewhat from one child and giving it to another.  Not always fair, but always "in the family", and [ostensibly] for the betterment of the family unit, for the betterment of the Nation.   Now, the Federal takes from the States and the People for the benefit and aggrandizement of the Federal.
     
  Witness the Senate's recent performance in passing SB 2611 and Senate Joint Resolution 12, a proposal to Amend to our precious Constitution and that is intended to control the People's behavior as opposed to restricting the Federal Authority! 

  Witness the Patriot Act that "protects" the masses by relieving them of their Rights in the name of security, while deserting the border?

  Witness the new Banking Fairness laws that are designed to make our private transaction open information, sold to the highest bidder? Legal or otherwise.

  Witness the Medical Insurance Portability Legislation that requires the People to provide the Government written permission to access to  personal  medical records, in order to utilize our private insurance benefits!

  There is a long list of other federally inspired actions that have eroded our freedom and undermined the Constitution.   All claim enhancements to our security.  All create dependency and promote fear. 

   The painful truth is that the power structure that has developed over the past forty years, [and which supports the Federal Level],  has become a corrupted system that functions for It's own benefit, the benefit of the National Political Parties, the Lobbyists, the PACs, Professional Bureaucracies, and a small minority of non productive pseudo-intellectuals.

The People and the States have become a provincial side show and there is little hope for conventional reform changing the Federal cycle.
2/2

07/08/06

Dear Governors, and Patriots of every type:

    Therefore, I believe, and hope to convince as many people as I can with my humble means, that we face a Constitutional Crisis that requires the positive reinforcement of the Rights retained by the People and the sovereignty of the States.  

  We, the People and the Several States are the force of Government, and I believe that the time has come to use this power.  The only Lawful recourse we have left,  in the face of the self-sustaining corruption of the  Federal System,  is for the 50 Governors [or two-thirds thereof] to us their privilege, under the provisions of Constitutional Article V,  to call for the Legislatures of their respective States to initiate  a Continental  Congress Convention for the purposes of Amending our Constitution. 

  I believe that Constitutional Articles IV, IX, and X need to be strengthened with unambiguous language.  Articles XIV needs reasonable modifications and Articles XVI, XVII need to be repealed,  and a Balanced Budget Amendment added.  The last three issues being the root cause of the current corruption.

*          *          *

    I am a person of no notoriety and little influence.   You Gentlemen, however, have great influence and could affect great change.  Many of you control resources greater than the majority of Nations on this earth.  Others have resources of equal magnitude.
   
  The danger of opening a virtual "Pandora's box" of special interests that wish to control the People's liberty and behavior, exists.  But the danger of continuing to do the same thing and expecting a different outcome is a classic definition of insanity,  and faith in the current Federal system  seems to have already led us to the brink of destroying the most free and vibrant Society the World has ever experienced.  

  The vast majority of Americans have more confidence in the 50 Governor's and State Legislature's ability to appoint a handful of sound, honest, men and women,  uncorrupted by the Federal Power, to put aside religious dogma, and bravely exclude of the fringe elements of the PAC groups influence, and institute a  positive changes.   
    
  Success would create another 100 years of renewed strength, a realignment of the political power in Federal System, a Senate that could concentrate on correcting past poor legislation, as opposed to generating more superfluous Law,  and the consequential rejuvenation of the National vitality, that is sadly now ebbing.

Thomas J. Mullarkey
Duluth, Ga. 



Cc.

" The Honorable Senator Joseph I. Lieberman , of Connecticut.
" Congressman John Linder, of Georgia
" The Honorable Zell Miller, of Georgia
" Mr. Herman Cain, of Georgia
" Mr. Neal Boortz, of Georgia
" Mr. Rick Badie, of Georgia
" Mr. Bill Gates, of Washington
" Mr. Ross Perot, of Texas
" Governors of  the Several States;


From:	R belle <belle_483@yahoo.com>
Sent:	Saturday, July 8, 2006 5:46 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	jessica

Also, the trash form your state is bothering me  please have them stop thank you.
 
Can you plese ursuade yourbrother to  refran or rectify whatever  individual thoughttah Iwould prefer to be  myyonger sister jessica katherien greeen as  whatever mexian trash youhemistakenly honored  wsnt me   and nor wsa  whatever other woman  my father was Verdeguez  that isall  please get jessicas persnality outofme  in every way asl well as any  defdefective marine that gives the marine corp a bad name. I was never a mariene  was I?  And if iwas it was certainly witohout my knowledge o.  My family  strated something because they were  jeaoulus  hungry andor  abuses themselves not becuase she was being abused they lied adn cheated and wanted money fromfoster care  that they didnt realzie onlyever went into  jesicas privateschooling, or tutorial lessons in whateer talent she wanted to explore  besides  having sex as a teenagers. John hehrny meidan  is aloser that sholdhave beenfired and or  rmorethan rempimanded adn  if new yokr  could tell me that ththat famiy was upt to no good  when Iwas still there  then  certainlyt hey shoudl have been penalized not allowd to follow me anywhere for "support" or otherwise"

  _____  

Do you Yahoo!?
Everyone is raving about the all-new Yahoo! Mail Beta.
From:	R belle <belle_483@yahoo.com>
Sent:	Saturday, July 8, 2006 5:45 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	jessica

Can you plese ursuade yourbrother to  refran or rectify whatever  individual thoughttah Iwould prefer to be  myyonger sister jessica katherien greeen as  whatever mexian trash youhemistakenly honored  wsnt me   and nor wsa  whatever other woman  my father was Verdeguez  that isall  please get jessicas persnality outofme  in every way asl well as any  defdefective marine that gives the marine corp a bad name. I was never a mariene  was I?  And if iwas it was certainly witohout my knowledge o.  My family  strated something because they were  jeaoulus  hungry andor  abuses themselves not becuase she was being abused they lied adn cheated and wanted money fromfoster care  that they didnt realzie onlyever went into  jesicas privateschooling, or tutorial lessons in whateer talent she wanted to explore  besides  having sex as a teenagers. John hehrny meidan  is aloser that sholdhave beenfired and or  rmorethan rempimanded adn  if new yokr  could tell me that ththat famiy was upt to no good  when Iwas still there  then  certainlyt hey shoudl have been penalized not allowd to follow me anywhere for "support" or otherwise"

  _____  

Sneak preview the MailScanner has detected a possible fraud attempt from "us.rd.yahoo.com" claiming to be all-new Yahoo.com. It's not radically different. Just radically better. 
From:	R belle <belle_483@yahoo.com>
Sent:	Saturday, July 8, 2006 5:24 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	detour

Took a detour would love if you and the family wouldcome and join me  well not me but enjoythe sights and make ammends with whateverCanadian  government  was irriated when I visitied.  
 
Love ou very much uncle Bush...laugh

  _____  

Yahoo! Music Unlimited - Access over 1 million songs. Try it free. 
From:	Cherubina Conte <cherubina26@hotmail.it>
Sent:	Saturday, July 8, 2006 4:33 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Important information for Dr. John Ellis Bush

I hope that this message would transmit as soon as it possible to Dr. John 
Ellis Bush

I am an Italian citizen and I am interesting in Economics,Foreign and 
Domestic Policy and in Finance.So I have elaborate an important and complex 
project that involved for a large part the USA and its interests and 
relationschip with Europe both in economical than consequentely in political 
field. It follow some of the main points of PNAC like the expansion of US 
business in Europe and in the next future to the other nations.But it 
contain important points and steps that must remain covered for the success 
of operation,it is the first rule of a Think tank.For this rason I cannot 
speak about it with other persons except Dr. Jeb Bush or the President and 
with your help I could save my time to contact them because I have not a lot 
of time to show my plan to White House,and I work too much at high level in 
this field to waste my time in vain attemps. I do not know your connection 
with White House but I think you have concrete possibility to transmit this 
message to them and then to Him(George W. Bush). It is not a demand used as 
a pretext but it is necessary and urgent,there si not time to waste on the 
contrary every day save will be a day erned also for your probably future as 
a President,belive me I know this field I know what I want to do.Transmit my 
request to the President as soon as it possible please.

If you want to contact me:(Please speak in Italian cause I want to be clear 
in my explanation becuse I do not speak frequently in English)

WP
0039-0114053909 ((ITALY))

_________________________________________________________________
Ricerche online più semplici e veloci con MSN Toolbar! 
http://toolbar.msn.it/

From:	Tony Caputo <tmcaputo@peoplepc.com>
Sent:	Saturday, July 8, 2006 4:00 AM
To:	asklott@flalottery.com
Subject:	[*] I WANT TO KNOW WHY????????

DEAR FLORIDA LOTTERY:
 
I AM ITALIAN AND MY MOTHER WAS BORN IN ITALY, HOW COME YOU DO NOT HAVE THE LOTTERY INFORMATION IN ITALIAN OR GERMAN OR POLISH OR FRENCH OR ANY OTHER LANGUAGE, WHY ONLY ENGLISH AND SPANISH???I WOULD LIKE TO KNOW WHY???TONY CAPUTO OF VENICE, FLORIDA.
From:	LEOANDELSIE@aol.com
Sent:	Saturday, July 8, 2006 3:30 AM
To:	AlvinandJulina@netzero.net; BMoore8495@aol.com; RDOSS2@COLUMBUS.RR.COM; glenwaller@sbcglobal.net; JKLINGER@COLUMBUS.RR.COM; Governor Jeb Bush; sanca@columbus.rr.com; LEO.COLLINS@TSMD.COM; mwilliamson3321@charter.net; MrsTinaStepp@aol.com; PWILLI4@COLUMBUS.RR.COM; pkern@bdi.cc; CEBRON45@aol.com; mother_teresa4c@yahoo.com; Watts4550@aol.com; twilli1@insight.rr.com
Subject:	Petition for President Bush

Petition to Require citizenship to be eligible for social services in the 
United States, No amnesty, and No free services for illegal immigrants. Agree or Forward: Instructions to add your name to the list is at the bottom.

PETITION FOR PRES. BUSH

1. Mary Takami, Calif.
2. Connie Dodd. Calif.
3. Frank Beirau, Calif.
4. Barbara Murray, Calif.
5. Dody Farha, Okla.
6, Woody Farho, Okla
7. Donna Capatosto, CA
8. Larry Capatosto, CA
9. Ryan Capatosto, CA
10. Samantha Capatosto, CA
11. Nancy Brown, Torrance, CA
12. Daniel Brown, Torrance, CA
13. Tamara Clark, Torrance, CA
14. Darrin Clark, Torrance, < /ICA
15. J. L. Thome, Torrance, CA
16. J. E. Thome, torrance, CA
17. Phillip Cook, Manhattan Beach, CA
18. Howard Thrall, Rancho Palos Verdes, CA
19. Jim Lehman The Dalles, OR
20. TOM JENSEN, 
SAN ANTONIO, TEXAS
21. Ed Melone Phoenix AZ
22 Laetitia Borden Phoenix AZ
23 bob reid, mesa az
24 janet reid, mesa az
25 kaley reid, mesa az
26 antonio reid, mesa az
27. Spike Graham, Paradise Valley, ! AZ
28. Wendy Graham, Paradise Valley, AZ
29 Joe Paluch, Fountain Hills Az.
30 Dolores Paluch, Fountain Hills AZ.
31 James Ball
32 Sharon Ball
33. Ted Dutiel Tucson AZ
34. Trish Dutiel Tucson AZ
35. Douglas Fiihr, Franktown, CO
36. Cathy Fiihr, Franktown, CO
37. JoAnne Stark, Franktown, CO
38. Thomas J.McDaniel
39. Jewel McDaniel
40. Robert Nichols
41. Patricia Nichols
42. James A.Nichols,! Westland,MI
43. Frances E. Nichols,Westland, MI
44. Wayne A.Nichols,TX
45. Brenda K.Nichols,TX
46. Richard C. Wilson
47. Daniel Patz, TX
48. Judith Patz. TX
49. Susan Maxwell, Oregon
50. Jerry Maxwell, Oregon
51. George Collins, New Mexico
52. Connie Collins, New Mexico
53. Sharon Collins, 
New Mexico
54. Mary Honkomp, New Mexico
55. Ed Honkomp, New Mexico
56. William C. Goble, Odessa, TX
57. James Genzling, Lakewood NM
58. Theresa Genzling, Lakewood NM
59. Amanda Genzling, Lakewood NM
60 Bob braziel Rio Rancho,nm
61 Carolyn Braziel Rio Rancho,nm
62 Jake Mullins Abilene,Tx
63 Rose Mullins Abilene,Tx
64 Barbara Nichols Abilene, Tx
65 Jimmy Nichols Abilene, Tx
66 Wanda Huntsman Abilene, TX
67 Gene Crane Abilene, TX
68 Sally Crane Abilene TX
69 Pat Matthies, Rotan, TX
70 Norman Matthies, Rotan, TX
71 Jerry Clawson, Rotan,Texas
72 Stephen Boyd, Brownfield, Texas
73 Judith Boyd, Brownfield, Texas
74 Ryan Boyd, Brownfield, Texas
75 Ricky Kinsey, Hobbs, NM
76 EdPfeiffer , Brownfield, Texas
77. Lisa Furlow - Brownfield TX
78.Ysleta Kittrell-Farwell,Tx.
79. Carroll Huggins--Farwell, Tx
80 J.A. Clark Bountiful, Utah
81. Carolyn Dufva, Mo.
82. Bill Dufva, Mo.
83. James Nord, 
CA
84. Ken Bendgen Ca 
   
   
   
85. Jack Bates CA
86. Penny Bates CA
87. Kristin Bates CA
88. Kyle Bates CA
89. robert g.haughey fl.
90 Alex Szinnyey, Fl
91. Diane P. Kraft FL
92. Marian Kraft
93. Billy Kraft
94 arnea flaharty
95. Roland Cardin
96. Sandra Cardin
97. Bev Bailey-FL
98. Ron Bailey,FL
99. Michael Glisson FL
100. Karen Glisson FL
101. Mary Ann Gilger, Lake Charles, La.
102. Richard D. Gilger, Lake Charles, La.
103 Mary Ann Gilger
104 Richard D. Gilger
105. Amy Clemens-Cooper
106 Norman L. Cooper
107 Buck Fitch -Riggins, Idaho
108. Jeannie Fitch- Riggins, Idaho
109 .Donna Scantling, Buffalo, WY
110. Buck Gilbert, Buffalo, WY
111. Anne Gilbert, Buffalo, WY
112. Russell Hill, Hobbs, NM
113. Jeff Kimble, Centennial, WY.
114. Michelle Kimble, Centennial, WY.
115. Mallie Hyde, Kerrville, Texas
116. Ben 
Hyde, Kerrville, Texas
117. Dana Hyde, Sumter, SC
118. Pam Bradshaw, Fresno, CA
119. Susan Bane, Fairfield, CA
120. Larry Bane, Fairfield, CA
121. RICHARD VACHON, BENNINGTON, VT.
122. Dan Mauer, Bellevue, IA
123. Ryan McGraw, Madison WI
124. Cheryl Will, Rosendale, WI
125. Tim Puckett, Rosendale, WI
   
   
126. Lisa Hansen  East Troy, WI
   
   
127. James Hansen, Goose Creek, SC
   
128. Renee Hinchey, East Troy, WI
129.  Trudie Lee,  Ohio
   
130. Kelly Scott, Ohio   
   
131. Tammy Davis, Ohio
   
   
132. Keith Edmonds - Ohio
   
133. Howard Rubin, ohio
   
134. Sharon Rubin , ohio                                                                                                                          135 Dale  Anderson, ohio         
   
 136 Mary Schmidt Oh      
   
137  Pat Grieszmer-Ohio 
   
138 Bonnie Reed- Fl
   
139 Maureen Baisden - Ohio
 140. Kathy Collins, Columbus,Ohio  
If you don't forward the petition and just stop it, we will lose all these names. If you do not want to sign it, please forward it to everyone you know. Thank you!!!

To add your name, click on "forward". You will be able to add your name at the bottom of the list and then forward it to your friends.


THE 200TH PERSON SEND IT ON TO THE FOLLOWING E-MAIL ADDRESS:

President@WhiteHouse.gov

.... then keep the petition going by starting a new one....

From:	Matt Houston <houstontrue@gmail.com>
Sent:	Saturday, July 8, 2006 2:05 AM
To:	'Piotr Blass'; 'Paul Adams'; 'sebastian alegrett'; Alexander, JD; 'Electrone Americas'; 'Christina And'; Aronberg, Dave; 'Basia Arska'; 'Jeannie Balfour'; 'Bill Baumner'; 'Ramsey Beck'; 'Marie Bertrand'; 'Andrzej Bialynicki-Birula'; 'Anatol Blass'; 'Margot Blass'; 'Piotr Blass'; 'Marek Borowski'; 'Mary Brandenburg'; 'Helena BrusBlass'; 'Philip Brutus'; 'Hermann Burckhardt'; 'Steve Busboum'; 'Governor Jeb Bush'; Governor Jeb Bush; 'Dan Clarke'; 'steve cbcnews cohen'; 'Alba De La Sierra'; 'Steve Ellman'; 'Charles Figley'; 'Anne Gannon'; 'Karen Gievers'; 'Joel Gustafson'; Governor Jeb Bush; 'Mike Kamel'; 'Cedric Ketter'; klasa@cs.concordia.ca; 'Michal Kleiber'; 'Gary Kovacs'; lang@math.ukans.edu; 'Robert Langlands'; 'Leila'; 'Sean S. Lennon'; lfhussey@hotmail.com; liam@mayron.net; Marek.Borowski@sejm.pl; 'Fred Mascaro'; 'President U Michigan'; 'Adam Michnik'; 'Emil Naguib'; 'Nicole'; orchekowski@hotmail.com; 'Terry Parker'; 'Bozenna Pasik'; 'John Post'; pruitt.ken.web@flsenate.gov; 'Timothy Ressler'; 'Hala Rubinstein'; 'rudakov'; 'Representative Clay Shaw Jr'; 'Abbey Strauss'; Tremski@t-online.de; 'Kathy - Verizon'; 'f w'; 'Social Worker'; 'oscar ziemba'; 'Don Friend Zimmermann'
Cc:	maya@kadimasharon.co.il; feedback@aljazeera.net
Subject:	RE: Recent issues - time sensitive

Israeli-Palestinian standoff—

 

To resolve the current standoff, this approach may work well:

Israel might take a position like this: Release recently captured prisoners in exchange for the release of Corporal Gilad Shalit. This could be handled creatively so as not to yield to terrorism.

 

Israel could then release all women and children and halt offensive action in return for Abbas' ability to halt rocket attacks inside and on the border of Israel. This could result in a more comprehensive truce, with a total halt to violent activity on both sides and an initiation of final status process. 

 

Hamas might then agree that in such a case there would be a possibility for recognition of Israel as a result of the final status procedure, thus opening a pathway to a solution.

 

  _____  

From: Piotr Blass [mailto:pblass2002@yahoo.com] 
Sent: Friday, July 07, 2006 8:43 AM
To: Matt Houston; Paul Adams; sebastian alegrett; alexander.jd.web@flsenate.gov; Electrone Americas; Christina And; aronberg.dave.web@flsenate.gov; Basia Arska; Jeannie Balfour; Bill Baumner; Ramsey Beck; Marie Bertrand; Andrzej Bialynicki-Birula; Anatol Blass; Margot Blass; Piotr Blass; Marek Borowski; Mary Brandenburg; Helena BrusBlass; Philip Brutus; Hermann Burckhardt; Steve Busboum; Governor Jeb Bush; JEB BUSH; Dan Clarke; steve cbcnews cohen; Alba De La Sierra; Steve Ellman; Charles Figley; Anne Gannon; Karen Gievers; Joel Gustafson; jeb@myflorida.com; Mike Kamel; Cedric Ketter; klasa@cs.concordia.ca; Michal Kleiber; Gary Kovacs; lang@math.ukans.edu; Robert Langlands; Leila; Sean S. Lennon; lfhussey@hotmail.com; liam@mayron.net; Marek.Borowski@sejm.pl; Fred Mascaro; President U Michigan; Adam Michnik; Tiffany Mom; Emil Naguib; Nicole; orchekowski@hotmail.com; Terry Parker; Bozenna Pasik; John Post; pruitt.ken.web@flsenate.gov; Timothy Ressler; Hala Rubinstein; rudakov; Representative Clay Shaw Jr; Abbey Strauss; Tremski@t-online.de; Kathy - Verizon; f w; Social Worker; oscar ziemba; Don Friend Zimmermann
Subject: RE: Recent issues - time sensitive

 

DEAR FRIENDS
I AM HONORED TO HAVE MATT HOUSTON WORK WITH
ME ON MY CAMPAIGN.
PLEASE WORK WITH HIM.
I SHALL BE ON THE RADIO 2 PM THURSDAY
PEHAPS MATTHEW COULD PHONE IN USING MY CELL PHONE
562 523 1701.
ALL ARE WELCOME TO DO THE SAME.
DETAILS WILL FOLLOW.
WE SHALL PUT THE RECORDING ON THE WEB/FTP SITE.

REMEMBER THE SPIRIT OF THE ALAMO!
LOVE AND ALL THAT STUFF TO ALL OF YOU AND TO YOUR FAMILIES
PIOTREK

Matt Houston <houstontrue@gmail.com> wrote:

http://www.newtejas.com

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  _____  

From: Matt Houston [mailto:houstontrue@gmail.com] 
Sent: Sunday, July 02, 2006 12:48 PM
To: 'maya@kadimasharon.co.il'
Cc: 'Piotr Blass'; 'Firas Al. Atraqchi'
Subject: Recent issues - time sensitive

 

Kadima Party,

 

I am writing to you for the sake of continued progress toward peace.  I am strongly concerned with the approach which is being taken in Gaza at this time, and I would beg you please to step back emotionally from the situation and remember the pattern of nearly identical chain reactions which have occurred in the history of this conflict. 

 

I believe that Mr. Sharon was ultimately successful not when he acted with violence and intimidation, but in his selection of fruitful alliances.  It seems that today Kadima has adopted a policy which makes it extremely difficult to form any productive alliances.  

 

One way of dealing with this situation peacefully would be to begin a final status process.  A neutral party would make proposals and revisions, and any person would be free to offer input privately.  The parties could then view the resulting documents and their proposed effects (recognition of Israel, lying down of arms, etc.) without subjecting oneself to political innuendo.  In this way, negotiations could be freed from the restraints of the unknown and the partial and purified to represent only the resulting ideals.

 

International organizations, like the United Nations, would do well to be involved to network resources, document procedures and best methods, and facilitate smooth advancement of general communications.

 

I would suggest Dr. Piotr Blass as a consultant to help design and propose a relational infrastructure.  http://www.pblass.com

 

With specific regard to Gilad Shalit, I offer to take his place in the interim.

 

Peace.

 

Matt Houston

 

P.S. Dr. Blass is running for Florida Governor, and needs your support in order to appear on the ballot.  The deadline for submissions is fast approaching.

 

God Bless you all.

 

 

 





DR PIOTR BLASS

WWW.PBLASS.COM

561 523 1701

From:	Esther Rachwal <rachwal@juno.com>
Sent:	Friday, July 7, 2006 11:50 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush; Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Fw: MassResistance - Using state funds to export gay revolution in schools across America.

 Governor Bush:
Are you aware of how homosexuals are using tax dollars in Massachusetts to get into the 
public school system and are using tax funding travel to help organize & coach movements
in other states to push homosexual programs in public schools.  This is shocking.  Please 
look into this so that this travesty does not happen here in Florida.
 
If you want your eyes opened, click on the article on David Parker, further down the page.
It will give the history of what happened to a father who did not want his young child 
exposed to homosexuality, and what happened to him and his young son.  It is outrageous.
 
Esther Rachwal
Sarasota, FL
Rachwal@juno.com
 
 
                                        MassResistance - ** July 7 Email Update **
It's gone too far: Get involved! Join the movement to take back our government in Massachusetts! 
(Feel free to pass this along to others)
www.MassResistance.org       Help by Donating!     MassResistance Blog

In this email update:

1.  Massachusetts using state funding to export homosexual "revolution" in public schools across America!

2.  Your lobbying is starting making a difference in fight over $2 million budget funding for gay programs & new "Commission".  But more work is needed.  Action item: Everyone make at least one phone call! 


3.  A David Parker newspaper article we couldn't pass up . . .

4.  NY & Georgia courts refuses to force same-sex "marriage" on citizens. 

 

  _____  

=== 1.  Massachusetts using state money to export homosexual "revolution" in public schools across America!  ===

Many people outside of Massachusetts think that they're "safe" from the gay agenda here.  Well, think again.

Not only is it shocking on its face, but the "testimony" of a Massachusetts Department of Education gay activist before a California board which we've uncovered documents the depth of the homosexual movements entrenchment in the public school system. It also reveals the devious and deceptive methods to secure state funding -- and keep it coming over the years.

We had known for years that the gay activists pushing the homosexual agenda in the schools Massachusetts regularly networked with their counterparts in other states. But now we're uncovering evidence that it's much more formalized than we suspected. And it involves official state funded and sanctioned, taxpayer-paid travel across the country to help organize and coach the movements in other states to push homosexual programs into the bedrock of their education establishments!

Massachusetts using state money to export the "gay" revolution in public schools to other states.
http://www.massresistance.com/docs/govt/doe_ca_testimony.html

Another reason why EVERYONE must help stop this funding!

  _____  

=== 2.  Your lobbying is starting making a difference in fight over $2 million budget funding for gay programs & new "Commission".  But more work is needed.  Action item: Everyone make at least one phone call! ===

A lot of us were in the State House yesterday, the reports were generally pretty good. Your elected representatives are starting to hear from you. And a lot of the legislative aides were pretty sickened (really!) at what we showed them.  Those people really do live in a different world, and unfortunately the "experts" they usually interact with on these issues are the slick, well-heeled homosexual lobbyists. (This isn't a problem only in Massachusetts, but it's particularly insidious here.) That's got to start changing, and we're here (with your help) to do it.

There's still a lot of work to do and we've got a lot of ground to cover. The deadline for Gov. Romney's vetoes is Monday. The House and Senate usually move pretty fast on voting to override budget vetoes.  By the middle of next week it could be all over -- one way or the other. We cannot take anything for granted. The ability to get into the public schools is the crown jewel of the homosexual movement in Massachusetts!

TAKE ACTION! DO AT LEAST ONE THING EVERY DAY. 

Remember our discussion about "beating the juggernaut"? If everyone who reads this does one thing every day, the effect will be incredible. So starting now - - make at least one phone call. 

1.	Start with your own state rep -- if he's in Group 1 or Group 2. (see link below to list). 

Keep insisting on an answer: will vote to stop this funding, or will he cave in to the gay lobby. Make sure they know this is about children having their lives disrupted or ruined by this movement, and we're not taking it anymore. This is the only state in America that does this? And why is the gay movement so fixated on reaching our children?  The whole thing must be stopped right now!
  
2.	Call come other reps in Groups 1 and 2. Tell them the same thing.
  
3.	Call the Governor (the email system hasn't been working right). 

	Click here for list of state reps to call.
http://www.massresistance.org/docs/govt/budget07/house_list.html

If you get any feedback (good or bad) let us know.

CLICK HERE for the actual budget items with explanation:
http://www.massresistance.org/docs/govt/budget07/budget_items.html
 

Contact info for Governor Romney's office. Tell him that he must veto ALL money in the 2007 budget for homosexual programs in the public schools, and the new Commission for Gay and Lesbian Youth. Give our schools back to the parents and children!  He needs to get that message!

State House
Office of the Governor
Room 360
Boston, MA 02133
Phone: (617) 725-4005
(888) 870-7770 (instate use only)
FAX: (617) 727-9725

To email the governor: (NOTE: This might not be working!)
http://www.mass.gov/Agovwebmail/WebMailPageControl.ser?level=101


We'll keep you fully informed over these next crucial days..

  _____  

=== 3.  A David Parker newspaper article we couldn't pass up . . . ===

It's always heartening to see a newspaper in an annoying knee-jerk liberal Massachusetts town publish something normal -- if only to tick off some of the more "progressive" inhabitants.

Newton is a neighboring town to Lexington and shares a lot of the same ugly left-wing activism. Similar demographics and similar education attitudes and hostility toward people who have a different opinion. The Superintendent of Schools, Jeffrey Young, came to Newton from Lexington. But Newton isn't quite in Lexington's league . . . yet.  Tom Mountain of the Newton Tab is a weekly columnist who covers a lot of education issues. Unfortunately, this article would never be published by anyone on the staff of the Lexington Minuteman (where David Parker lives). 

Click here for the article:
http://www.massresistance.org/docs/events06/parker_son_incident/mountain0628.html

  _____  

=== 4.  NY & Georgia courts refuses to force same-sex "marriage" on citizens. ===

We got calls all day on this...

Two State Courts OK Gay Marriage Bans
Judges in New York and Georgia Rule Against Same-Sex Unions

ALBANY, N.Y. (July 6) - The top courts in two states dealt a setback Thursday to the movement to legalize gay marriage, with New York's highest court ruling same-sex unions are not allowed under state law and the Georgia Supreme Court reinstating a voter-approved ban on gay marriage.

Hey!! Isn't this the way it's SUPPOSED to work?  When normal behavior becomes exciting news, we know we've got to step up the fight!

  _____  

Please help MassResistance continue to do our job! If we don't win the fights going on in our Legislature over the next several months, our schools and our lives in Massachusetts will be changed forever. 

Donate to MassResistance by credit card

Donations can also be mailed to: MassResistance, PO Box 1612, Waltham, MA 02454

Contact us if you want to get involved.  

  _____  


AS WE'VE BEEN SAYING ALL ALONG - IT'S UP TO THE PEOPLE NOW! THIS CAN AND WILL BE WON.

Also, check out the MassResistance blog (for you red-meat activists)!

 

PLEASE FEEL FREE TO FORWARD THIS TO LIKE-MINDED FRIENDS !! 

[If you are on this list by mistake, or do not want to get our email information alerts, please accept our apologies. Please call us at MassResistance at 781-890-6001 or email us back, and we'll immediately take you off the list. We've tried to only include people who've contacted us at some point or otherwise indicated they would like to hear from us.] 

Also, if this is being forwarded to you and you want to be on our primary list, please let us know!


Mail service for MassResistance provided by 
afo.net and totalnetguard.com filtering service
the Internet service that protects your family on the internet.


0

From:	WHTKNIGNT@comcast.net
Sent:	Friday, July 7, 2006 10:52 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Give us J.M. EVANS

Give us J.M. EVANS, he is not a politician and he's what we want. Better yet he cares about the employees of BSO, and the members of the community.
 
 
From:	Joysacard@aol.com
Sent:	Friday, July 7, 2006 7:59 PM
To:	coconuts_owners@hotmail.com; arielspicer@bellsouth.net; rberm007@bellsouth.net; wells363@bellsouth.net; RSeejattan@chasemerchantservices.com; frodriguez@secenters.com; FHenao@tacustoms.com; badharley99@yahoo.com; claimrx@onebox.com; Dankandel@aol.com; DianeWalsh99@yahoo.com; earill@pereztrading.com; MikeThebugman@cs.com; michael33326@gmail.com; Pvila@nbhd.org; pbruno@glips.net; scorpiorc5@tmail.com; toppop@bellsouth.net; Governor Jeb Bush; jmiller@randallkroger.com; jaclyn@gablesproperty.com; josiemost@yahoo.com; smit_julieta@hotmail.com; jbarragan46514@hotmail.com; lcarrio@advancedins.com
Subject:	citizens insurance from joy marks/board member

Hi coconuts homeowners. 
Here is a web address for those of you interested in getting involved regarding citizens and the problem that we are all facing:
I will send you all copy of the next Miami herald round table discussion that I was invited to as well. 
joy marks
member of the board of directors
 

FLORIDA HOMEOWNERS INSURANCE CRISIS
 
TO ALL WHO ARE CONCERNED ABOUT THE RISING COST OF OUR HOMEOWNERS INSURANCE IN FLORIDA:
 
Please click on the link below to read why U.S. Representative Jim Davis and Candidate for Governor (FL) Jim Davis is making the insurance crisis in the State of Florida a Number One priority and what action he is taking to make the insurance companies accountable and regulated.
 
I have personally met with Jim Davis recently to discuss the dilemma that all of us in Florida are facing as property owners and policy owners.  Of all the politicians running for office, Republic or Democrat, Jim Davis is the only person who is truly addressing this issue with his "Policy Holders Bill of Rights."
 
EVERY voice and EVERY vote DOES count and the truth is that only we Floridians can make the difference.  The Insurance Commissioner of the State of Florida, Tom Gallagher, who is also candidate for Governor, has not been responsive to even take the time to discuss this matter.  If we DO NOT stand up and make noise, change will NOT happen.
 
Just as a point of information, my homeowners association (Coconuts at Bonaventure) just received a horrifying increase in yearly premium through the state's Citizens/JUA program bringing the total up to over $500,000 after being quoted half that amount.  Now Citizens says that since they are the only "game in town", we are forced to pay it.
 
We can only make a change if we speak out.  Special thanks to Bea Garcia of The Miami Herald for her reporting of the horrible situation that we all are in and helping us to speak out.
 
I have been invited to another meeting with Candidate for Governor, Jim Davis, officials from Citizens, insurance agents and of course The Miami Herald on July 17th by invitation only to speak as a homeowner, board member, and business owner.  Please take the time to look at this link and click on "issues."  It speaks for itself.
 
This issue we are all facing should have nothing to do with politics, yet it does.  For anyone who has questions, feel free to contact me at any time.  None of us can complain if we do nothing.  All of us need to speak up.  Our voices need to be heard.
 
Thank you.
Joy Marks, Vice President of the Coconuts at Bonaventure Homeowners Association
Homeowner
Business Owner
 
 
http://www.jimdavis2006.com/
  _____  


From:	Shelly Brantley <Shelly_Brantley@apd.state.fl.us>
Sent:	Friday, July 7, 2006 9:44 PM
To:	jeff horvate; Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Re: Hi I am very sad because

Dear Jeff- Believe me, we are equally sad about the loss of OPS staff due to budget cuts. We recognize the tremendous contribution you and other OPS employees have made to our record enrollment efforts this year. We are currently pursuing the conversion of postions from our state institutions to maintain employees such as yourself to address growing demands to support people in the community. 

Very sincerely,
Shelly


  _____  

  ----- Original Message -----
  From: jeff horvate [j_m_horvate@yahoo.com]
  Sent: 07/07/2006 09:23 PM
  To: Shelly Brantley; jeb.bush@myflorida.com
  Subject: Hi I am very sad because



You are going to losiing the a team member.  OPS funds are gpne.. I have nine more working days left.
 
Thank You
Jeff Hovate
From:	jeff horvate <j_m_horvate@yahoo.com>
Sent:	Friday, July 7, 2006 9:24 PM
To:	Shelly Brantley; Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Hi I am very sad because

You are going to losiing the a team member.  OPS funds are gpne.. I have nine more working days left.
 
Thank You
Jeff Hovate
From:	Startrail95@aol.com
Sent:	Friday, July 7, 2006 5:22 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush; hac-pack@yahoogroups.com
Subject:	[*] (no subject)

Since off shore drilling looks inevitable propose that the revenues be used to form a disaster fund to reinsure the commercial companies who are leaving. The only way to get them back is to make them profitable again. Florida citizens unable to get home owners insurance are blaming the current administration. I would hate to see this state go back to the democrats. 
From:	Ed Barron <ebarron99@earthlink.net>
Sent:	Friday, July 7, 2006 5:18 PM
To:	Rand Napoli
Cc:	Governor Jeb Bush; Stacey_Smith@BillNelson.Senate.Gov; diana.mcgee@mail.house.gov
Subject:	[*] Re: [*] Urgent Help Needed!!!

Dear Mr Napoli,
 
Please clarify the situation for me ASAP.  The letter I received was pretty clear that we had to be out of this building by July 31st.  I am scrambling to try and hold my business together.  We are spending money to line up temporary coolers, portable offices and such.  I would hate to find that we are wasting more money.  Please give us some clarity on this situation.
 
Thank you,
 
Charles Barron
 
----- Original Message ----- 

From: Rand Napoli 
To: ebarron99 
Sent: Friday, July 07, 2006 4:16 PM
Subject: RE: [*] Urgent Help Needed!!!


Mr. Barron: I am reviewing the situation that you describe. I can assure you that the State Fire Marshal has not ordered the building vacated. We are contacting the owners of the building at this time and I will advise you of the results of that discussion.

 

Randall W. Napoli, Director

Florida Division of State Fire Marshal

850.413.3601


  _____  


From: Governor Jeb Bush [mailto:Jeb.Bush@MyFlorida.com] 
Sent: Wednesday, July 05, 2006 4:27 PM
To: ebarron99
Cc: Rand Napoli
Subject: RE: [*] Urgent Help Needed!!!

 

Governor Bush has received your e-mail and has asked me to respond on his behalf.

 

To better assist you, I am forwarding your concerns to the Division of the State Fire Marshal in the Department of Financial Services for review and response.  You should hear from someone in that office.

 

Thank you for writing and I hope this will be of help to you.

 

Sincerely,

 

Rex T. Newman

Citizens' Services

-----Original Message-----
From: ebarron99 [mailto:ebarron99@earthlink.net]
Sent: Friday, June 30, 2006 5:53 AM
To: Governor Jeb Bush
Subject: [*] Urgent Help Needed!!!

Dear Govenor Bush,

 

I am the owner of Southwest Florida Wholesale Florist.  We sell flowers to the local florist throughout Southwest Florida.  I have a problem that is about to put me out of business.

 

We rent space from State Farmers Market on Edison Avenue in Fort Myers.  The business has been in this location for over 40 years.  I purchased the business in October 2004.  We closed on the business right after Charley came through and created havoc on Southwest Florida.

 

Yesterday I received notice that the building has been deemed "unsafe" and that I had to vacate the building by July 31st by order of the State Fire Marshal.  This is basically a death sentence to my business because there is no way I can relocate to another facility and be operational within 30 days.  

 

To make matters worse, I just installed new coolers that became operational the week before Mother's Day.  

 

Second hand information I received from another tenant is that the state was warned in March of 2005 by the State Fire Marshal that the building needed severe attention and the state was given one year to remedy the problems.  In March of 2006 the Fire Marshal returned and nothing had been done.  If this is true information, why was the tenants not given the same warning.  We deserve the same year to make preparations for our business that the state deserves.  

 

I am not asking you to use your postion to change the decision of the State Fire Marshal but please use your position to interject some reasonable thinking in how the tenants are treated.  We need adequate warning and time to relocate our businesses.  

 

I have been in contact with my state Representative - Connie Mack to ask his office for assistance in this matter as well.  

 

Thank you for any assistance you can provide.

 

Sincerely,

 

Charles Barron

Charles Barron, Inc.

dba:  Southwest Florida Wholesale Florist

239-936-2159 office

239-822-0491 cell

From:	cclev3@comcast.net
Sent:	Friday, July 7, 2006 5:17 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	[*] FW: Navarre Beach Restoration Project Suspension

 
 

-------------- Forwarded Message: -------------- 
From: "Kenny Wilder" <kenny@navarrebeachphotos.com> 
To: <annemoulton@bellsouth.net>, <anneobrienrice@mac.com>, <Bdunc415@aol.com>, <bellemercindy@yahoo.com>, <bettyfountain@bsc.net>, <BHAMBONES@aol.com>, <BHarris@HarrisChevrolet.com>, <billgilbert@bellsouth.net>, <boydhelm@cox.net>, <Buzz.Ellis@Guidant.com>, <cbugg@biocryst.com>, <ccarnevale@grandshores.com>, <cclev3@comcast.net>, <cfishman@tulane.edu>, <choop@bellsouth.net>, <cmoore1569@alltel.net>, <dale@bellemer102.com>, <Ddunc415@aol.com>, <dodson@mindspring.com>, <dodsonw@bellsouth.net>, <dougspringfield@bellsouth.net>, <fagan1@bellsouth.net>, <Familybender@aol.com>, <fwileyd@mchsi.com>, <fyeager@gfainc.com>, <GACOOKJR@aol.com&g t;, <gdillingham@mchsi.com>, <gfountain@mchsi.com>, <jackcobb@hiwaay.net>, <japjr@comcast.net>, <jeff@wjjm.com>, <jfort8609@charter.net>, <jgi@gfainc.com>, <jim@jemisoninvestment.com>, <jmartin@wp-ltd.com>, <joanre@worldnet.att.net>, <joel.leonard@alcoa.com>, <jolivere@midsouth.rr.com>, <jone5751@bellsouth.net>, <julianbf@mindspring.com>, <jvhooper@riverlakeproperties.com>, <kenny@bellemer102.com>, <kenny@ecttelecom.com>, <lesliehuckabee@msn.com>, <LFishman@CFHLAW.com>, <MAFFNBC@aol.com>, <Maraas@aol.com>, <mariolonghi@sbcglobal.net>, <marthakpd@earthlink.net>, <marvin.mcconaghy@banctec.com>, <marvin.mcconaghy@charter.net>, <mcoker@affinitygroup.com>, <MeganWalsh@aol.com>, <mint1743@bellsouth.net>, <mlonghi@gerdauameristeel.com>, <MPRLH@aol.com>, <MREngel100@aol.com>, <mscoker@mindspring.com>, <nottingham85@wmconnect.com>, <Ocllo@aol.com>, <PttyBoh@aol.com>, <QuincyMD@aol.com>, <rollant@bellsouth.net>, <ROMPESS@aol.com>, "'Rosalie Giattina'" <rogiattina@aol.com>, <rstricklin@shookandfletcher.com>, <Sapatron@aol.com>, <SJK00000@aol.com>, <slarson404@earthlink.net>, <Supermeems@aol.com>, <SusanK@brookecompanies.com>, <tom_angelillo@timeinc.com>, <TOVICKERS@aol.com>, <TPartin189@aol.com>, <tsiceo@msn.com>, <ttecu@grandshores.com>, <vhooper@bharbert.com>, <w.harp@mchsi.com>, <WSBOZE@aol.com>, <ymkanne@mchsi.com>, <yoonjennie@hotmail.com> 
Subject: Navarre Beach Restoration Project Suspension 
Date: Thu, 6 Jul 2006 23:48:54 +0000 


PLEASE SEND YOUR E-MAIL TODAY!

 

I posted below my e-mail that was sent today to certain public officials to persuade them to allow the Navarre Beach Restoration Project to start up again. Please send your e-mail TODAY to the following public officials and let them know that you want the last 1,400 feet of the Navarre Beach Restoration Project to be completed now. Let’s Roll! 

 

Governor Jeb Bush

E-mail: jeb.bush@myflorida.com 

 

Office of the Chief of Engineers

E-mail: Daen-zc@hqda.army.mil 

 

Col. Robert Carpenter – Compliance/Jacksonville District – US Corps of Engineers

E-mail: Robert.M.Carpenter@saj02.usace.army.mil

 

Lawrence Evans- Director/Jacksonville District – US Corps of Engineers 

E-mail: Lawrence.C.Evans@saj02.usace.army.mil


  _____  


 

President George W. Bush

E-mail: president@whitehouse.gov 

 

US Senator Bill Nelson

*Web Mail: http://billnelson.senate.gov/contact/email.cfm 

 

US Senator Mel Martinez

*Web Mail: http://martinez.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?FuseAction=ContactInformation.ContactForm&CFID=8835419&CFTOKEN=44063593 

 

US Congressman Jeff Miller

*Web Mail: http://jeffmiller.house.gov/index.cfm?FuseAction=Contact.Home 

 

*In sending an e-mail to Senator Nelson, Senator Martinez and Congressman Miller you will have to go to the online links above and use web mail forms. 

 

 

My E-mail Sent Today to Public Officials 


  _____  


From: Kenny Wilder [mailto:kenny@navarrebeachphotos.com] 
Sent: Thursday, July 06, 2006 5:25 PM
To: 'president@whitehouse.gov'; 'jeb.bush@myflorida.com'; 'Daen-zc@hqda.army.mil'; 'Robert.M.Carpenter@saj02.usace.army.mil'; 'Lawrence.C.Evans@saj02.usace.army.mil'
Subject: Navarre Beach Restoration Project Suspension

 

Public Officials: 

 

I am requesting your assistance in persuading the US Army Corps of Engineers (COE) to permit the continued beach restoration of Navarre Beach.

 

The COE shut down the Navarre Beach Restoration Project until at least late October.  The sand dredging operation on Navarre Beach had been suspended because a juvenile loggerhead turtle was killed early Saturday morning, July 1st. The COE conducted a risk assessment of the project and its two dredges, the R.N. Weeks and B.E. Lindholm, earlier this week before halting the project. 

 

The dead turtle discovered Saturday was the third one killed by a dredge since Weeks Marine, the dredge contractor, started the Navarre Beach Restoration Project on March 17th. 

 

Coastal Technology, the beach restoration project consultant for Santa Rosa County, sent a letter of reconsideration to the COE as an appeal Wednesday, July 5th, of the COE’s suspension decision. It is my understanding that the appeal may be based on the following:

 

*	To Allow Weeks Marine to resume dredging until completion to fill in the remaining 1,400 feet of beach and extend the 14 foot high dune system the entire length of the project. Coastal Technology thinks the project could be completed in about 14 days. 

 

*	To complete the beach restoration project, because only 6 loggerhead turtles have been killed by dredging in 2006 in the entire Gulf of Mexico from Key West, FL to Brownsville, TX. The COE regulations in accordance with the National Marine Fisheries Service allows for 40 Loggerhead takes (kills) for the Gulf of Mexico. The allowed take of turtles in the Gulf of Mexico by hopper dredging operations (40 takes for Loggerheads, 20 takes for Kemps Ridleys) represents less than 1% of the total allowed takes for these species each year from all activities in the Gulf of Mexico.

 

*	The COE is not following its own regulations that allow 40 Loggerhead turtle takes (kills) by dredging for the Gulf Coast where to date only 6 Loggerhead turtles have been killed by dredging for the fiscal year that ends September 30. The allowed take of turtles in the Gulf of Mexico by hopper dredging operations (40 takes for Loggerheads, 20 takes for Kemps Ridleys) represents less than 1% of the total allowed takes for these species each year from all activities in the Gulf of Mexico. The official information about the allowed turtle takes can be viewed on page 5 of the COE’s website by going to the following link:   

 

           http://el.erdc.usace.army.mil/tessp/pdfs/2005GulfBO.pdf 

 

*	In comparison, the shrimp industry is allowed to kill 3,948 Loggerhead turtles annually with their trawlers in the waters of the Gulf of Mexico. Yet our beach restoration has been stopped because of 3 turtles killed in a dredging operation that is well below the allowed limit.

 

*	If the beach restoration suspension continues for a few more days Santa Rosa County may have no choice but to shut down the project. It is my understanding that if Weeks Marine has to come back later to resume dredging, the cost to start back up could exceed 1.5 million dollars.

 

Why is the Corps shutting down the Navarre Project when we have not even reached the halfway point for allowed annual hopper dredge takes (kills) for Loggerhead or Kemps Ridley Turtles in the Gulf of Mexico, especially when there are only 3 months left in this Fiscal Year (September 31) and the project shutdown ordered by the Corps will cost the State, County and Leaseholders more than $1.5 million?  

 

I’m very sorry about the killing of 3 turtles at Navarre Beach, but leaving a 1,400 foot gap in the middle of our 3.6 mile beach during hurricane season could have disastrous results. This uncompleted 1,400 gap could cause major flooding to the east and west of the entire 3.6 miles of beach. Millions of dollars in property damage is likely if we are hit by a hurricane or tropical storm. 

 

I respectfully submit to you that the suspension is not warranted. Please help us at Navarre Beach so that dredging and beach restoration may resume.

 

Thank you,

 

Copy: I’m forwarding this e-mail via web mail to US Senator Mel Martinez, US Senator Bill Nelson and US Congressman Jeff Miller

 

 

Kenny Wilder

NavarreBeachPhotos.com

Navarre Beach, Florida

www.NavarreBeachPhotos.com 

 

 

 

 

 

 

From:	SohelpmeGod@debbiewins.com
Sent:	Friday, July 7, 2006 5:15 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	[*] NO!

This is my update on the world situation and it's grim as always! But I hope you can dig down deep into your wittle hearst and just voice your disgust in the abuse of our technologies to sell us bodybags and toe tags!! God Bless and remember we will fight you, George, and that little pipe Ray Bang, whose using BJ tech to assault me in the Carrollton library on Keller Springs


http://capwiz.com/congressorg/sbx/f/?aid=8898331&r=1
From:	44132-return-432-1518427@lb.bcentral.com on behalf of City of Sanibel <sanadmin@mysanibel.com>
Sent:	Friday, July 7, 2006 4:50 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Army Corps Plan for Lake O Would Make Water in SW FL Even Worse -- Voices Needed at July 12th Meeting in Fort Myers

Army Corps Plan for Lake O Would Make Water in SW FL Even Worse -- Voices Needed at July 12th Meeting in Fort Myers

On July 12th, the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers will open the floor to public comments on a plan to revise the way in which Lake Okeechobee water releases are managed for the next 3 years.  But the proposed plan focuses solely on the health of Lake O, virtually ignoring negative impacts to the Caloosahatchee River, area estuaries and the SW Florida gulf.   

The Army Corps has acknowledged that its current lake management plan has caused damage to the estuaries.   If adopted, there is strong concern that the new “improved” plan would be even more devastating to the region’s water quality.

City of Sanibel is urging all persons who can attend the July 12th evening meeting to come prepared to speak against the proposed plan:
•	The “tentatively selected plan” will NOT work and MUST be changed to:
•	Better protect estuaries 
•	Include the health of estuaries in day-to-day management decisions
•	More equitably plan for discharges in multiple directions—not just targeting the Caloosahatchee River

The public workshop will begin at 7:00 p.m. on Wednesday, July 12th at the Lee County Commission Chambers in Fort Myers.  The address is 2120 Main Street, Fort Myers.

If you are unable to attend this meeting, please take a moment to send your written comments within the next 30 days to:  

Project Manager Pete Milam
j.p.milam@saj02.usace.army.mil

U.S. Army Corps of Engineers
Jacksonville District
701 San Marco Blvd.
Jacksonville, FL  32207-8175

_______________________________________________________________________
Powered by Microsoft Small Business
To unsubscribe follow the link:
http://lb.bcentral.com/ex/sp?c=44132&s=6812D098AB7E80F3&m=432
From:	Claude E. Farrior <eddie542@msn.com>
Sent:	Friday, July 7, 2006 4:20 PM
To:	info@baxley4florida.com; President@WhiteHouse.gov; no-reply@congress.org; Governor Jeb Bush; Bill@billnelson.senate.gov; Senator_Frist@frist.senate.gov
Subject:	[*] Pardon

Please read the below!!!

                                       PARDON ME, PLEASE!!!!

Dear Governor Bush, President Bush or anybody that can understand, care or 
especially, possibly HELP!!!!: I am writing this letter in an attempt to 
save my life, it is true that I am not on death row even though it feels 
like it, because the State of Florida has sentenced me, and wrongly so in 
many people's opinion, a life of nothing by the possibility of causing me to 
lose my job due to refusing to work with me on my license matter, it is 
true, and I appreciate it, that the Assistant State Attorney in my 
County(Walton county-Florida) offered to release me from the probation and 
jail time and etc. if I agreed to leave the state of Florida and get a 
license in another state(sounds sort of like an old western doesn’t it!) , 
which I believe that the assistant state attorney knew would not be possible 
due to Florida's details on the national drivers register and refusing to 
give a release to the register so that I could get a license in another 
state and the assistant state attorney also answered a letter from my Wife 
with a threat to re-instate the already removed probation and jail time if I 
ever came back to Florida, my home!! There is no way that I can move my 
Family or ask them to relocate as long as I do not even know how long I will 
be able to keep my job unless I can secure a driver license, which I have 
discovered that several states will issue said license if Florida will give 
a letter of release on the register. So now I have to support two households 
(I can barely afford to support one) in an attempt to find a state that will 
issue me a license to drive which is what I have to get in order to retain 
my job. It is true, I was charged with drinking and driving, which I would 
venture to say that the majority of the population of this country has done 
from time to time, ESPECIALLY some politicians that You all know and I will 
not mention any names, but didn't get caught or punished to any degree. But 
I did not and never have had any alcohol related accident (unlike some 
politicians that we all know), hurt anyone else(unlike some politicians that 
we all know), NOR myself, speed or anything except weave when my motorcycles 
foot peg came loose and flopped down where I could not get my foot on it, I 
thought that it had broke off and was lost as it was late at night and I 
just wanted to get home (I also have a sworn statement from my Son-in-law, 
who went and drove it home for me the next day and He had problems driving 
it too, as anyone would have). I am asking for a pardon so as to be able to 
get a license in another state and call it home, since the State of 
Florida(and I am a native Floridian) doesn't seem to want such a dangerous 
criminal, You know what I mean here, I have had a few dui's so Florida 
doesn't want my tax dollars anymore and etc., I am not and never have been a 
criminal, I have worked hard all of my adult life so far and paid a lot of 
taxes and obeyed the law, in other words a good citizen and now over 
something that is politically motivated by a special interest group and the 
state deciding to change some laws(some years back and without the popular 
vote by We the People) I am a criminal!! Since it is obviously so easy for 
this state to make new or change old laws, why can’t they make a new law to 
allow such apparently unwanted and dangerous criminals like me to get a 
license in another state as long as I don’t drive in this state anymore, 
quite unjust and against my rights but at least a chance to save my job and 
have a life and at least some freedoms that all American citizens should be 
able to do!! I have made calls in many other states as I travel for work 
that do not consider DUI’s as felonies, unless there is personal injury to 
another party which is understandable, some states treat all DUI’s as 
misdemeanors, and there is one that I checked with that stated that drinking 
and driving is not a crime!! PLEASE give me a release and let me try to save 
what life I have left ( I am already 56 years old, not much of a threat in 
anyway to anybody) in a different state, hopefully a state that still 
respects our Constitution and our rights as American citizens, instead of 
making us all criminals, except the chosen few with powerful names or 
positions!
     In closing, please grant me a pardon, reprieve, expungement, stay of 
execution, political immunity or something so that I will at least have a 
fighting chance as I have done all that the state ordered me to do and have 
taken my punishment even as hard as it was to find time and money and 
someone to drive me around to get them done. Also, please understand that I 
am sure that there are thousands of illegal immigrants and actual criminals 
out there with a driver license and a life!!
Very Sincerely Yours
Claude E. Farrior
Eddie542@msn.com
Eddie542@hotmail.com
603/978-4843
850/892-5291—Wife’s home phone number (hopefully nobody will run Her out of 
town!)
Wife’s mailing address—57 Blue Gill Loop
                                         DeFuniak Springs
                                         Florida   32433


From:	Marshv <marshvan2002@yahoo.com>
Sent:	Friday, July 7, 2006 3:57 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Voting

Dear Governor Bush:
Why is it, if immigrants must learn English to be a
Citizen and you must be a Citizen to vote, then why do
ballots have to be printed in Spanish and other
languages? That is a waste of taxpayers money who are
the citizens paying for them.  English is our NATIONAL
LANGUAGE. If they don't like it then let them leave.
Marshall Vanderhagen
Delray Beach, Fl.

__________________________________________________
Do You Yahoo!?
Tired of spam?  Yahoo! Mail has the best spam protection around 
http://mail.yahoo.com 
From:	Hygeia Halfmoon <peacefulsimplicity@yahoo.com>
Sent:	Friday, July 7, 2006 3:38 PM
To:	webmaster@gao.gov; AndersonP1@gao.gov; CongRel@gao.gov; oppaga@oppaga.fl.gov
Cc:	Governor Jeb Bush; hhenri@sarasota-ymca.org; ggalan@sarasota-ymca.org; SR_Community_Relations_Office@dcf.state.fl.us; Darlene-Hummingbird@cherokee.org; info@cfliflorida.org
Subject:	Pinellas Indian Child Case...Jasmine Halfmoon...SPN  02711689

July 7, 2006

Aloha Trusted Servants of Justice,

My name is Hygeia Halfmoon, mother to Jasmine Halfmoon
and author of fifteen books on parenting and family
relationships as well as leader of the world-wide
Primal Mothering Movement.

My daughter, Jasmine Halfmoon was seized by the State
of Florida Pinellas County DCF System on February 15,
2006.  At the time of her capture, Jasmine was
intentionally pregnant and engaged to be married to
her fiance, Nathan Pierce, with my consent, on May 22,
2006 in Nathan's home state of Arkansas.

Neither Jasmine nor Nathan were informed of the State
of Florida marriage law that specifically offers
opportunity of marriage to a minor who is pregnant.

The Pinellas County DCF, in collusion with the State
of Florida AMA intentionally and maliciously murdered
the child of Jasmine and Nathan by bombarding my
daughter's body and her seven-week in-utero child with
ten ultra-sounds in a one-week period.

On the same day of the death of Jasmine's child,
Sativa Flower Halfmoon, Pinellas County DCF enforced a
"no contact" order between myself and Jasmine, and
between Nathan and Jasmine.  

The religious beliefs of our family have been
violated, and there have been no reasonable efforts
for reunification made on the part of the Pinellas
County DCF system.  The case plan implemented is
replete with violations against our family's religious
beliefs, cultural customs, and family values.

Furthermore, Jasmine is of Native American descent and
the capture of my daughter by a United States
governmental agency violates the Indian Child Welfare
Act.

Myself, along with many of my multi-million readership
have written to Governor Jeb Bush on several
occasions, with no direct response.  

In protest of the corruption of the Pinellas County
DCF system, the psychiatric violations of Jasmine's
human rights, the ongoing suffering derived from
family separation, and the death of Jasmine's in-utero
child mothers around the world have joined me in a
fast that began June 10, 2006.

Error, when found out, is two thirds destroyed, and
the remaining third kills itself.  On behalf of my
daughter, my family, and all other children and
families who suffer at the hands of Pinellas County
DCF corruption I trust that your commitment to justice
will expedite the return of my daughter and a
restoration of justice in the State of Florida DCF
system.

Sincerely Spoken,
Hygeia Halfmoon
Mother to Jasmine Halfmoon

__________________________________________________
Do You Yahoo!?
Tired of spam?  Yahoo! Mail has the best spam protection around 
http://mail.yahoo.com 
From:	michaelsfl5@aol.com
Sent:	Friday, July 7, 2006 3:37 PM
To:	marsha.watson@citizensfla.com; activist.thepen@gmail.com; activist@democrats.com
Cc:	marsha.watson@citizensfla.com; Governor Jeb Bush; action@consumer.org; admin@consumerwatchdog.org

I spoke with St. John's Insurance today & they quoted me a price of $1784.00 for everything that I had with Atlantic Poe.  Why in the world would you quote me a price of almost $3500.  Does the State of Florida know that you are making these outrageous quotes!  Jan called me and gave me the quote.  It's plain rape of the poor people of Florida! I am appalled with Citizens!  Susan Massaconi, Sarasota, FL.  941-957-1286
  _____  

MailScanner has detected a possible fraud attempt from "pr.atwola.com" claiming to be Check out AOL.com today. Breaking news, video search, pictures, email and IM. All on demand. Always Free.

From:	Racspet@aol.com
Sent:	Friday, July 7, 2006 3:26 PM
To:	connie.mack@mail.house.gov
Cc:	Bennett, Michael (LEG); jeff.kottkamp@floridahouse.gov; Governor Jeb Bush; Racspet@aol.com; tsomaroo@new-press.com; pnolan@wftx4.com
Subject:	Home Owners Insurance State of Florida

What are the retirees and families in the state of Florida going to do to keep their homes?.
 
I have had Nationwide Insurance for years.    In  August 2004 my annual renewal premium was $886, they increased it to $1,005 in 2005.   This year 2006 in August the annual renewal premium will be $2223.00. To top it off,  I heard on the news today they are trying to get another increase effective in November of 70+%????????  That will make my HO monthly premium over $300!
 
With a social security income of $1300 month how do you think I am going to continue to live?  Not to mention so many of my neighbors, family, and friends have no idea what is going to happen to them.
I will just have to let my insurance cancel for non payment and pray I pass away before a hurricane someday maybe destroys my home.
 
Thanks to all of you for allowing this to happen and destroy the lives of so many folks and familes living in Florida.
 
Mr. Schaffer
1311 SW 12th Ave
Cape Coral, Florida
239-772-4381
 
From:	JERRY <kaysea33@verizon.net>
Sent:	Friday, July 7, 2006 3:18 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	[*] Goodbye

Today I will put a sign in my car that reads:  Do Not Vote In the Primary Election Until The Homeowners Insurance Is Resolved.” Without the people’s vote, there could very well be no candidates running until the people are happy.  I am only one person but my little sign will be everywhere.  
 
Wave goodbye!  You and your political friends will need to look elsewhere for jobs.  The Floridian Residents have waited long enough for you and your buddies to get off their A__'s!
 
We can't afford to have you and your fellow canidantes in office.  Shame on all of you!
 
Kay Giampa

From:	corby@bellsouth.net
Sent:	Friday, July 7, 2006 3:10 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Commonlaw marriege and the 9 month waiting period for being considered married by Social Security?

Corby Ferguson
4128 Saunders Dr.
Middleburg, FL 32068
904-291-7849
corby@bellsouth.net
 
Dear Honorable Governor,
 
My husband just died of Lung Cancer.  I cared for him along with Hospice and I think I lived the past fourteen years of my life as a wife and mother of two beautiful girls who are now 10 and 12 years old.  I have home schooled them so far and they have been provided for by me and my family and their father.  We have always called him Da-da and I have always been called Mom.
We have done all the legal things that married people do including making sure they are not left alone in strange places and looked out for their safety in a world that is very dangerous for children as far as preditors are concerned. Both I and their Father have worried about them the same as other married families and I have never gone out with someone else like single people do.  So, maby he did a few times, but Men do that anyway.  I waited for him to come home at night and fixed him dinner at our table and we all had Christmas together and Thanksgiving dinners year after year together with family friends and relatives.  I don't know his relatives very well, but I have met his mother and he didn't have a father.  He has talked to my family many times over the phone and is a member of the family simply because he is the father of my children, and their grandchildren.
 
I think you should add to this law about having to be married for 9 months in order to collect on social security to also include a long term commonlaw marriage.  
 
I got married on May 9th 2006 because his doctor told us to when he was in the hospital.
 
I think he worked for the Secret Service and the hospice worker could not find any records of where he worked, but I know he hasn't lied to me all these years.
 
I think and really know he was CIA?  But he was a Loose Cannon and a Rogue too sometimes.
 
But I have to go in VA.Gov. to get that information I think they will give it to me?
 
Well, I hope they will wave the 9 month waiting because he died on July 3rd at 6:30 pm and the last word were " Oh Mama, I Love the Lord".
From:	Brenda Ithier <bavirgo49@msn.com>
Sent:	Friday, July 7, 2006 3:05 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	RE: Governor Jeb Bush's IN THE NEWS... Friday, June 9, 2006

Thank you.  I look forward to receiving a response.




>From: "Governor Jeb Bush" <Jeb.Bush@MyFlorida.com>
>To: "Brenda Ithier" <bavirgo49@msn.com>
>CC: <elizabeth.wilson@dbpr.state.fl.us>
>Subject: RE: Governor Jeb Bush's IN THE NEWS... Friday, June 9, 2006
>Date: Fri, 7 Jul 2006 14:35:38 -0400
>
>Governor Bush has received your e-mail and has asked me to respond on his 
>behalf.
>
>I am forwarding your concerns to the Department of Business and 
>Professional Regulation for review and response.  You should be hearing 
>from someone in that office.
>
>Thank you for writing and I hope this matter can be resolved.
>
>Sincerely,
>
>Rex T. Newman
>Citizens' Services
>
>-----Original Message-----
>From: Brenda Ithier [mailto:bavirgo49@msn.com]
>Sent: Sunday, June 18, 2006 5:07 PM
>To: Governor Jeb Bush
>Subject: RE: Governor Jeb Bush's IN THE NEWS... Friday, June 9, 2006
>
>
>Dear Governor Bush,
>We visited your beautiful State last week.  We love Florida and usually 
>have
>a great time each time we're there. On ourlast visit, however, were quite
>disappointed.
>
>We rented a 4-bedroom vacation villa in Haines City, FL.  Included in this
>rental cost were supposed to be -
>
>1. a livingroom, kitchen, diningroom, two (2) master-bedrooms, two (2) twin
>bedrooms, a sitting room\den (with playstation 2), 3 bathrooms, and a
>gamesroom (with air hockey, froosball, and electric darts),
>2. a private (enclosed) pool with a hot tub and patio
>3. a table-top or portable grill
>4. a cleaning service,
>5. tv's, dvd's\vcr's
>6. cd player, etc.
>
>The place was everything that we expected, until we saw the pool, the
>kitchen garbage container, some of the dishes, silverware, and utensils, 
>and
>so much construction.
>
>The water in the pool was a dark green, and we could see either mold or
>algea in the water and along the sides.  Also, the water was quite low.  
>The
>filters were not working; and the protective fence was caved in on one 
>side.
>We were able to see all of this, because the protective covers, which keep
>the pool warm when not in use, were not on the pool.
>
>Additionally, there were a dirty garbage can (with a clean garbage bag) in
>the kitchen, along with some dirty dishes, silverware, utensils, and
>potholders.
>
>There was a great deal of construction still going on within the complex.
>This resort community clearly was not ready to be opened for rentals to the
>public.
>
>After we got over the shock, we immediately began calling Villa Direct, the
>management company hired by the owners of the villa.  Each time we called
>their 24\7 telephone numbers (2), we reached a company named "Alliance",
>instead.  The persons on that end kept telling us to try back in 30 
>minutes,
>because their phones were down.  We exactly what we were instructed to do,
>but kept reaching "Alliance".  I apologized to them, and, out of
>frustration, I explained why I was calling so often. This spilled over into
>the next morning. So, once more, I called the numbers to Vacation Villa.
>Again, "Alliance" answered the phone.  Only this time, a young lady named
>Erina went a step further with the information.  She apologized and stated
>that "Villa Direct's phone lines are down. So, their calls are being
>'forwarded' to Alliance".   The fact that she said Villa Direct's phone
>calls were being "forwarded to Alliance" made me ask her a few questions.
>For example, I immediately asked, "Why are Villa Directs's calls being
>forwarded to Alliance, unless the two companies are affiliated?"  Erina
>stated that they're affiliated.  This made me even more frustrated, 
>because,
>had I known that the day before, our problem may have been resolved the 
>same
>day we arrived.  Erina took our information, but warned that, "Since it is
>Sunday, you may not get a response until tomorrow."  I thanked her; then
>hung up and called the owners, who lives in Europe. (This is another 
>story.)
>
>Monday morning came, and we still had not heard from Villa Direct.  So, I
>called the two (2) 24\7 numbers again. I spoke with someone named Kerry.
>Kerry took our complaint.  After hearing all of the details, she informed 
>me
>that she'd heard about the issue and thought it was being taken care of.
>She then informed me that a pool person would be at the home that morning.
>(This was at around 9:30 am.)  At around 10:30 am, I called her back and
>told her that we wanted to be moved to another villa.  I explained that it
>would take at least 24 - 48 hours after a pool is treated before we could
>use it, and that our vacation would almost be at its end by then.
>
>Kerry informed me that "Villa Direct does not move people because of a 
>dirty
>pool."  I, then, explained -
>
>1. The primary reason for renting the villa was the private pool and
>table-top\portable grill.
>2. We have no grill, which was supposed to have been included in the 
>rental.
>(She first stated that grills did not come with the villas, because of some
>state law.  Then, I explained that this was not the first time that I'd
>rented a villa in FL.  She, then, stated that they could supply us with a
>gas grill for a fee of $55.  I explained that we were not interested in a
>gas grill, but in the tabletop\portable grill that the advertise said would
>be there, and that the owner's daughter and assured me that her dad had
>ordered for us.)
>3. We have not been able to use the pool for 3 days.
>4. We may not be able to use the pool until on the 5th day out of a 1-week
>vacation.
>5. We had small children, and that pool looked like a health hazzard.
>(Kerry stated "Not if you keep the kids out of the pool area."  I tried to
>explain that "We rented the house primarily for the privacy of our own
>pool...")
>
>Regardless of what I said, including reporting the situation to the Health
>Department, Kerry insisted that we would not be moved.  In fact, she said
>"The only time we move people is in an emergency like no AC or no HEAT."  I
>was shocked, especially about the no HEAT bit, considering it was at least
>97 degrees that day.
>
>This resulted in me calling everyone from Polk County's Health Department,
>to The Finance Department, to the Mayor's Office, etc.  I could not believe
>how many people, within government offices, did not know the name of their
>mayor.  Finally, someone within the Mayor's office assisted us by calling
>Villa Direct.  By noon, the CEO\President and the General Manager showed up
>on our doorsteps.  They saw for themselves that we had a valid complaint,
>and said, "We're here to do whatever it takes to make use happy."  They 
>said
>they were going to move us to an upgraded house in a newly-completed resort
>area.  I asked that, since we had already lost 3 days of our vacation, if
>they could get us some tickets to either Universal or Disney.  The General
>Manager immeidately said, "No we can't, because we have to pay the same
>amount that you do.  Also, we are working to get you back some of your
>money."
>
>First of all, I found it strange that they would not give us passed to at
>least one of the parks, because the timeshare people give them out like
>candy.  Also, WE'D LOST 3 DAYS VACATION IN WEATHER OVER 90 DEGREES EACH DAY
>AND NO POOL - THE MAIN REASON FOR RENTING THAT VILLA.  I also explained
>that, since they knew their phones were down and also knew that they had 
>new
>tenants arriving during that time, they should have made arrangements to
>call each of their rented establishments to see if everything was ok.  This
>could have been done by giving each of their "Customer Service" personnel a
>certain amount of names and telephone numbers to call.  Also, Alliance
>should have been instructed to let anyone calling Villa Direct know that
>they, Alliance, were taking all of their calls.  Instead, until that 
>Sunday,
>Alliance just kept telling me to try that phone number again later or 
>within
>30 minutes.  So, I thought, like often happens, the calls were,
>inadvertanly, bouncing over to Alliance as if the lines were crossed.
>
>If we do not get any of our money back, I feel that Villa Direct should 
>give
>us a free 4-day, 3-night stay in one of their 4-bedroom villas.  The villa,
>where they moved us, was beautiful, but I would never rent it for a 
>vacation
>with small kids.  It had stairs, and I purposely picked a villa without
>stairs because of the small kids.  Also, it was too nicley furnished, with
>china, figurines, glassware\chrystal, glass-top tables, etc. - all too
>delicate for tiny hands.  I wanted to relax, not chase kids.  Unlike at the
>first place, we never sat in the livingroom nor used the diningroom table.
>Those places were off-limits for small kids.  A place such as the first
>villa was perfect, except for the aforementioned situations.
>
>I feel we got cheated. Also, WHO REGULATES THESE VACATION VILLAS; THEIR
>OWNERS AND THEIR MANAGEMENT COMPANIES?  THIS SHOULD BE CLEARLY POSTED IN
>EVERY VILLA.
>
>Thank you for taking time out of your busy schedule to read this so very
>long note.
>
>Brenda Ithier
>(570) 476-0941
>
> >From: "Governor Jeb Bush" <jeb.bush@myflorida.com>
> >Reply-To: jeb.bush@myflorida.com
> >To: "Governor Jeb Bush" <jeb.bush@myflorida.com>
> >Subject: Governor Jeb Bush's IN THE NEWS... Friday, June 9, 2006
> >Date: Sat, 10 Jun 2006 14:28:04 -0400
> >
> >For those E-Newsletter recipients who have Adobe Acrobat reader, Governor
> >Bush's e-newsletter is available in .PDF format by clicking here:
> >
> >http://www.flgov.com/in_the_news
> >
> >The text version of the e-newsletter is below.
> >
> >
> >A++ PLAN FOR EDUCATION SIGNED INTO LAW
> >
> >On Monday, I signed House Bill 7087, the A++ Plan for Education, 
>increasing
> >the rigor and relevance of Florida's middle and high schools to better
> >prepare students for postsecondary education and the workforce.  I was
> >joined by bill sponsor State Representative Ralph Arza, K - 12 Public
> >Schools Chancellor Cheri Pierson Yecke, state and local officials, school
> >administrators and members of the Department of Education High School
> >Reform
> >Task Force. This bold measure will help prepare middle and high school
> >students for the challenges ahead of them. Our students will now take
> >charge
> >and plan for their future, realizing the decisions they make today shape
> >their tomorrow. I commend the Florida Legislature for making these
> >cutting-edge reforms a reality for future generations of Florida 
>students.
> >To view a copy of Governor Bush's A++ Plan for Education, please visit
> >www.myflorida.com.
> >
> >
> >EIGHTH ANNUAL STATEWIDE DRUG SUMMIT HELD
> >
> >On Wednesday, I joined First Lady Columba Bush, Lt. Governor Toni 
>Jennings,
> >Director of the Florida Office of Drug Control Bill Janes and hundreds of
> >experts in the field of drug treatment, prevention and law enforcement at
> >Florida's Eighth Annual Drug Summit. The summit provided a forum for drug
> >control experts and law enforcement officials to discuss the "Florida 
>Drug
> >Control Strategy" and future drug prevention and treatment initiatives.
> >Florida's aggressive measures to prevent substance abuse are working. 
>Fewer
> >young people are taking drugs today than five years ago. We can be proud 
>of
> >our commitment and even prouder of the progress we are making. For more
> >information on the Florida Office of Drug Control, please visit
> >www.flgov.com/drug_control/.
> >
> >
> >POINTS OF LIGHT HURRICANE HERO AWARD RECOGNIZED TERESA MARTINEZ
> >
> >This week, I recognized Teresa Martinez of Lakeland as a Points of Light,
> >Hurricane Hero Award recipient. Martinez served as a translator for the
> >Institute of Spanish Communications during the 2004 Hurricane Season,
> >translating public health and safety messages for Spanish speaking
> >residents
> >of Polk County. I thank Teresa for her service to the residents of Polk
> >County during the 2004 Hurricane Season. Providing clear and consistent
> >direction to citizens before, during and following a disaster is key to
> >emergency preparedness and an effective response. For more information on
> >the Points of Light Award, or to nominate someone, please visit
> >www.VolunteerFloridaFoundation.org.
> >
> >Congratulations!
> >
> >To read more about this week's winners, please click here:
> >http://www.flgov.com/release/7888
> >
> >
> >GOVERNOR BUSH'S 2006 LEGISLATIVE INITIATIVES
> >
> >Please visit www.govfloridaforum.com.
> >
> >____________________________________________________________________
> >Volume 8, Issue 23
> >Copyright(c) 2006 State of Florida
> >
> >If you would like to change your subscription or unsubscribe, please go 
>to:
> >http://www.myflorida.com/myflorida/subscribe.html
> >
> >
> >Thank you.
> >
> >
> >
>
>_________________________________________________________________
>Express yourself instantly with MSN Messenger! Download today - it's FREE!
>http://messenger.msn.click-url.com/go/onm00200471ave/direct/01/
>

_________________________________________________________________
On the road to retirement? Check out MSN Life Events for advice on how to 
get there! http://lifeevents.msn.com/category.aspx?cid=Retirement

From:	Olivere, Joe (MEMPHIS(PFS), TN) <joe_olivere@ml.com>
Sent:	Friday, July 7, 2006 2:49 PM
To:	president@whitehouse.gov
Cc:	Governor Jeb Bush; Daen-zc@hqda.army.mil; Robert.M.Carpenter@saj02.usace.army.mil; Lawrence.C.Evans@saj02.usace.army.mil
Subject:	The Navarre Beach, Florida  Restoration Project

Mr. President, 

By now you are aware of the stoppage of the Navarre Beach, Florida Restoration Project. While the incident that precipitated the stoppage was unfortunate, certainly the welfare of the citizens and property owners of Navarre Beach must take precedence in this matter. The personal and financial tragedies that can occur during Hurricane Season throughout the Gulf of Mexico Region have now, sadly, been fully recognized and documented.

Please help us to avert another such potential tragedy occurring in Navarre Beach. Please do everything in your power as President to help resume the Navarre Beach Restoration Project as soon as possible.

Sincerely, 

Joseph W. Olivere 
8269 Gulf Blvd. 
Navarre Beach, Florida 

joe_olivere@ml.com 

  _____  

Disclaimer: 
CAUTION: electronic mail sent through the internet is not secure and could be intercepted by a third party. For your protection, avoid sending identifying information, such as account, Social Security, or card numbers to us or others. Further, do not send time-sensitive, action-oriented messages, such as transaction orders, fund transfer instructions, or check stop payments, as it is our policy not to accept such items electronically.
 
If you are not an intended recipient of this e-mail, please notify the sender, delete it and do not read, act upon, print, disclose, copy, retain or redistribute it. Click here for important additional terms relating to this e-mail.     http://www.ml.com/email_terms/
  _____  

From:	Eric Haase <e@imagimedia-inc.com>
Sent:	Friday, July 7, 2006 2:48 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Kudos On The New Energy Bill


Honorable Governor Bush,

As a proud Tampa citizen, I'd like to thank you for signing the new state energy bill into law last week at The Port of Tampa. I'll write again next week with a more detailed description of my feelings on this law & what I'd like to try to do with its new provisions for our state's citizens & businesses.

Thank you for your service sir, And Godspeed,


Eric Haase

Web publisher & Multi-Media Producer


http://www.consciousconsumers.net/

><((((º>`·.¸¸.·´¯`·.¸.´¯`·...¸><((((º>¸.
·´¯`·.¸´¯`·.. ><((((º>`·.¸¸.·´¯`·.¸.·´¯`·..¸><((((º>












From:	hal112233@earthlink.net
Sent:	Friday, July 7, 2006 2:41 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	dog dining

Followinf is an item published in the Ocala Star Banner 
recently.
 
Enjoy your dinner.
 
 
Eating disorder

For the last several years I have had a great deal of trouble getting a good night's sleep. I lay there tossing and turning because I've been worried about the troubles facing the great state of Florida — things like hurricane insurance, illegal aliens, my inability to speak Spanish, uncontrolled growth and water shortages have caused my discomfort.

However, lately I have been sleeping like a baby. Why? Because that fantastic organization that looks out for the wants and needs of the citizens of this state, our state Legislature, has solved all of these problems.

They must have, because now they have solved a problem that has weighed upon the hearts and minds of each and every citizen of this state: pets in restaurants.

For untold years I have ached for the ability to enjoy a truly fine meal while watching the pet at the next table noisily licking his nether regions with enthusiasm. One must also relish the scene of a cat barfing up a hairball, or a dog with his nose sniffing the underside of another canine's tail while the diner is enjoying an expensive but exquisitely prepared meal. Oh, the gastronomical delight!

I, for one, am looking forward to bringing my nine pit bulls with me the next time I go out to dine. I am certain my fellow diners will understand the slight incontinence problem that all nine suffer from. The fact that four of them are in heat should also not present a problem to the truly understanding.

I am so looking forward to this experience that I think I will cap off a fine dining experience by enjoying a piece of the newly designated state pie.

	Paul Oefelein Ocala

From:	Norm Wetzel <normwetzel@carvaluesplus.com>
Sent:	Friday, July 7, 2006 2:06 PM
To:	bruno schmidt
Cc:	Thomas Scott; Rhonda Storms; Ray Morganti; Pat Bean; Mark Sharpe; KEN Hagen; Kathy Castor; Jim Sebesta; Jim Norman; Governor Jeb Bush; Doug Smith; Brian Blair; sacaMarianne Cufone; socsBrian Garry; Jack/Lynette Peel; cindymorris@doh.state.fl.us
Subject:	Re: Response to your concerns (AR# 44352)

Bruno: Unfortunate staff do not live or deal with the real world or common 
sense application of problems only solutions supplied and recommended by 
their "experts" that way they do not have to make any personal decisions and 
their career lines are extended as they never interrupt the flow for higher 
ups decision making..
    I just counted in the yellow pages 60 services listed that provide 
pumping services in Hillsborough County as well as repairs to septic tanks 
and systems. I called one of the major services listed and ask them how many 
tanks they pump out a day and how many defective units they service. They 
indicate to support a truck and driver 5 to 6 a day to pump out poor 
draining tanks and one a day to provide major service. Grade school math 
this totals 300 to 400 a day or 2000 a week and if you want to extend it to 
a year how about 100,000 plus. This is not based upon any high funded 
experts opinion but the people that are actually doing the pumping and 
repair. Even if it has error of some self serving percent between 50 and 100 
thousand a year of defective septic systems exceeds bird dropping and dog 
due. I feel we should make every effort we can to expand this study as 
possibly the problem is even worse than our figures as multiply family 
continue to expand in the county occupying single family dwellings and 
stressing all the utitilities involved. Norm Wetzel BayCrest Part Civic 
Association
----- Original Message ----- 
From: "bruno schmidt" <brunojschmidt@hotmail.com>
To: <Cindy_Morris@doh.state.fl.us>
Cc: <brianblair@brianblair.com>; <MontalvoM@hillsboroughcounty.org>; 
<vharwood@cas.usf.edu>; <AustinK@HillsboroughCounty.ORG>; 
<Doug_Holt@doh.state.fl.us>; <Bobbie_Thackeray@doh.state.fl.us>; 
<Michael_Dreyer@doh.state.fl.us>; <gordonr@HillsboroughCounty.ORG>; 
<Maria_Manz@doh.state.fl.us>
Sent: Friday, July 07, 2006 12:46 PM
Subject: RE: Response to your concerns (AR# 44352)


> Thankyou for your response.  So instead of 15,000 septic systems 
> overflowing in Hillsborough County, I can take solace and be glad that you 
> estimate only 1000 to 2000 septic tanks are overflowing and pouring raw 
> sewage into our surface water and storm drains which eventually feed into 
> our Bay.  Noone really knows how many septic systems are failing do they? 
> The crux of my letter was to urge Hillsborough County to start an 
> inspection program and be pro-active.  I even suggested a method that is 
> an on-going program and currently being done in progressive communities 
> using fees to fund the inspection program.  Has this idea been lost in the 
> minutia of data and estimates?  Don't you think that 1000 to 2000 
> overflowing septic tanks is too much?  Is this acceptable and are we 
> supposed to put up with your estimates instead of facts?  Don't you think 
> that my estimates might be as good as your estimates?
>
> Regards,
>
> Bruno J. Schmidt
> President Save our Canals (SOcS)
>
>
>>From: <Cindy_Morris@doh.state.fl.us>
>>To: <brunojschmidt@hotmail.com>
>>CC: <MontalvoM@HillsboroughCounty.ORG>, <vharwood@cas.usf.edu>, 
>><AustinK@HillsboroughCounty.ORG>, <Doug_Holt@doh.state.fl.us>, 
>><Bobbie_Thackeray@doh.state.fl.us>, <Michael_Dreyer@doh.state.fl.us>, 
>><gordonr@HillsboroughCounty.ORG>, <Maria_Manz@doh.state.fl.us>
>>Subject: Response to your concerns (AR# 44352)
>>Date: Fri, 7 Jul 2006 12:08:23 -0400
>>
>>Dear Mr. Schmidt
>>
>>The Hillsborough County Health Department (HCHD) is part of a
>>Stakeholders Group making efforts with Hillsborough County to reduce
>>pollution sources in surface waters throughout the County.  Please go to
>>the web site for the last meeting minutes of this TMDL/BMAP Project.
>>http://www.tampabay.wateratlas.usf.edu/news/committees.asp?GROUPID=6&ACT
>>IVE=1
>>
>>Efforts are underway to establish what pollutants and in what amounts
>>are being delivered to these waters. When more data is available as to
>>the causes of the pollution within our waterways we will be working with
>>the EPC and all other stakeholders on plans to minimize the effects of
>>the contributing factors.
>>
>>EPA estimates that 4%, not 15% of fecal bacterial pollution in surface
>>waters may be from failing septic systems. According to our Bureau of
>>Onsite Wastewater Programs in Tallahassee the Florida state average of
>>septic systems in failure is much less than the national average. Our
>>State average is estimated at below 5% and in most counties, including
>>Hillsborough, data would indicate system failures are in the 1-2% range.
>>
>>The HCHD is also currently working with Dr. Harwood on research
>>involving surface water testing at some of our local beaches to try to
>>determine any causes for contamination that can be established. We
>>contacted Dr. Harwood about your concerns, and she feels that while it
>>is prudent to be concerned about the effects of human activities on
>>water quality, your interpretation of her presentation extends beyond
>>the message she intended to deliver. Suggesting that the 40% "unknown"
>>component of contamination estimated by the EPA is from septic tanks in
>>Hillsborough County is not supported by her presentation, or any other
>>scientific evidence. In fact mounting scientific evidence shows that
>>storm water is a major culprit in transporting fecal bacteria to surface
>>waters. Another possible source of the "unknown" fraction, which has
>>been largely ignored until very recently, is indicator bacteria
>>populations that persist and perhaps grow in beach sand and sediments.
>>Dr Harwood has indicated that she would be happy to discuss her
>>presentation with you directly to clear up any misunderstanding. Her
>>email address is vharwood@cas.usf.edu, and her phone number is
>>813-974-1524.
>>
>>Should you have any further questions please call Mike Dreyer at
>>307-8015 ext 5920 our Onsite Wastewater Program supervisor.
>>
>>Cindy Morris
>>Environmental Administrator
>>Hillsborough County Health Department
>>PO Box 5135 Tampa, Fl 33675
>>(813) 307-8015 Ext. 5901 Suncom 582-5901 Fax (813) 272-7242
>>DOH Mission: To promote and protect the health and safety of all people
>>in Florida through the delivery of quality public health services and
>>promotion of health care standards.
>> > Please note: Florida has a very broad public records law.
>> > Most written communications to or from state officials
>> > regarding state business are public records available to the
>> > public and media upon request. Your e-mail communications
>> > may therefore be subject to public disclosure.
>>
>>
>
>
> 

From:	linda garrett <linda4hig@tampabay.rr.com>
Sent:	Friday, July 7, 2006 1:58 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	The Right of Every American


Amendment I


Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof; or abridging the freedom of speech, or of the press; or the right of the people peaceably to assemble, and to petition the government for a redress of grievances.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Don't you as an American believe it is time for citizens too stand up for our country?  I say this with firm conviction that if we don't, and soon, the politicians and perverted lawyers and judges are taking our guarenteed right away from us all, because a few sick minded loud mouths, who are not afraid to cry out , are making more noise about the alleged fact, that belief in God offends them that don't believe in anything.

   It seems that their unblief is worthy of more consideration and respect that the guarenteed right of REAL AMERICANS. Now this question.."Do we want to lose our privalege too pray as we see fit, and too teach our families about GOD? 

 

 You can start doing something by spreading the word, and contacting a politician.   Your route may be better than this, but let's all do something. The ACLU are taking full advantage of their right that is guarenteed by the same Constitution that gives us the right too  worship and express our belief in a True and Living God.

From:	Latin Business Chronicle <info@latinbusinesschronicle.com>
Sent:	Friday, July 7, 2006 1:44 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Calderon's Challenge, Global Crossing, Tourism, Pet Food

This Week
Latin America's business and technology
July 7, 2006

Dear Jeb Bush,

This week we look at the challenges facing 
Mexico's president-elect Felipe Calderon, 
Global Crossing's strong growth in Latin America, the 
region's growing tourism  and the increased sales of 
pet food in Latin America. With this we also take a 
break for the summer. LBC will be back July 31, 2006. 
Happy Summer Holidays!


~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
* Quote of the Week
* Calderon's Challenges
* Global Crossing: Latin Business Boost
* Central American Tourism Boom
* Latin Pet Food Sales Grow
* LBC Job Openings

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Quote of the Week

<big>

"I don't see any 
 
possibility of national 
 
fraud in Mexico anymore." 
</big></big>


Election observer 

Robert Pastor, American 

University, on dispute by

Lopez Obrador over election,

as quoted by Bloomberg,

July 7, 2006.

More Quotes - http://rs6.net/tn.jsp?t=axxkvwbab.0.f7uvgpbab.gzppmobab.434&ts=S0194&p=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.latinbusinesschronicle.com%2Freports%2Freports%2Fquotes.htm

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Calderon's Challenges

Mexico's president-elect Felipe Calderon faces a 
series of challenges, including low competitiveness, 
inadequate infrastracture and inefficent energy. And 
last, but not least, a small mandate and a split 
congress.

Full Story - http://rs6.net/tn.jsp?t=axxkvwbab.0.j4ygxwbab.gzppmobab.434&ts=S0194&p=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.latinbusinesschronicle.com%2Freports%2Freports%2F070306%2Fmexico.htm

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Global Crossing: Latin Business Boost

Latin America is the fastest-growing market for 
Global Crossing. Strong demand, growing local 
economies and free trade 
are among the reasons behind the success.

Full story - http://rs6.net/tn.jsp?t=axxkvwbab.0.o4ygxwbab.gzppmobab.434&ts=S0194&p=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.latinbusinesschronicle.com%2Freports%2Freports%2F070306%2Fglobal.htm

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Central American Tourism Boom

Latin America is setting a new record in international 
arrivals, led by Central America. But major markets 
like Mexico, Brazil and Argentina are also seeing 
healthy growth.

Full story - http://rs6.net/tn.jsp?t=axxkvwbab.0.p4ygxwbab.gzppmobab.434&ts=S0194&p=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.latinbusinesschronicle.com%2Freports%2Freports%2F070306%2Ftourism.htm

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Latin Pet Food Sales Grow

Latin America sales of pet food and pet care 
products is on the rise and international giants like 
Nestle and Mars are seeing increased competition 
from local producers.

Full story - http://rs6.net/tn.jsp?t=axxkvwbab.0.t4ygxwbab.gzppmobab.434&ts=S0194&p=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.latinbusinesschronicle.com%2Freports%2Freports%2F070306%2Fpets.htm

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
LBC Job Openings

Latin Business Chronicle is seeking a sales manager in 
Miami and sales representatives in Europe and Latin 
America

More information - http://rs6.net/tn.jsp?t=axxkvwbab.0.g8w87vbab.gzppmobab.434&ts=S0194&p=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.latinbusinesschronicle.com%2Flbc%2Fjobs.htm

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
LBC-Sponsored Events


Co-Branded and Private Label 

July 26-27, 2006 

Sao Paulo, Brazil

Conference web 
site (http://rs6.net/tn.jsp?t=axxkvwbab.0.4k5odvbab.gzppmobab.434&ts=S0194&p=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.iqpc.com.br%2Fcgi-bin%2Ftemplates%2Fgenevent.html%3Ftopic%3D586%26event%3D10289%26)

IMS Evolution 

July 26-27, 2006 

Sao Paulo, Brazil

Conference web 
site (http://rs6.net/tn.jsp?t=axxkvwbab.0.4k5odvbab.gzppmobab.434&ts=S0194&p=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.iqpc.com.br%2Fcgi-bin%2Ftemplates%2Fgenevent.html%3Ftopic%3D586%26event%3D10289%26)




IPO 

July 31-August 1, 2006 

Sao Paulo, Brazil

Conference web 
site (http://rs6.net/tn.jsp?t=axxkvwbab.0.9wgcmwbab.gzppmobab.434&ts=S0194&p=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.iqpc.com.br%2FBR-2480-01%2FIBR-LBC1)

Hedge Funds World LatAm 2006

October 16-18, 2006, 

Miami, USA

Conference web site (http://rs6.net/tn.jsp?t=axxkvwbab.0.wj6ybubab.gzppmobab.434&ts=S0194&p=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hedgefundsworld.com%2F2006%2Flatam%2Findex.stm)




Miami Conference on the Caribbean Basin

December 4-6, 2006, 

Miami, USA

Conference 
web site (http://rs6.net/tn.jsp?t=axxkvwbab.0.g6gprvbab.gzppmobab.434&ts=S0194&p=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.c-caa.org%2Fconferences%2F2006%2Fagenda.html)


~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Quick Links
* Latin Business Calendar - http://rs6.net/tn.jsp?t=axxkvwbab.0.5hpxrobab.gzppmobab.434&ts=S0194&p=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.latinbusinesschronicle.com%2Fresources%2Fcalendar.htm
* Key Latin Statistics - http://rs6.net/tn.jsp?t=axxkvwbab.0.qhpxrobab.gzppmobab.434&ts=S0194&p=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.latinbusinesschronicle.com%2Fstatistics%2Findex.htm
* Key Latin Web Links - http://rs6.net/tn.jsp?t=axxkvwbab.0.rhpxrobab.gzppmobab.434&ts=S0194&p=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.latinbusinesschronicle.com%2Flinks%2Findex.htm
* Special Reports - http://rs6.net/tn.jsp?t=axxkvwbab.0.g7uvgpbab.gzppmobab.434&ts=S0194&p=http%3A%2F%2Flatinbusinesschronicle.com%2Freports%2Freports%2Findex.htm
* Opinion & Commentary - http://rs6.net/tn.jsp?t=axxkvwbab.0.lj6ybubab.gzppmobab.434&ts=S0194&p=http%3A%2F%2Flatinbusinesschronicle.com%2Freports%2Fopinion%2Findex.htm
* Country Articles, Statistics & Links - http://rs6.net/tn.jsp?t=axxkvwbab.0.k8in9rbab.gzppmobab.434&ts=S0194&p=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.latinbusinesschronicle.com%2Fcountries%2Findex.htm
* Research Center - http://rs6.net/tn.jsp?t=axxkvwbab.0.l8in9rbab.gzppmobab.434&ts=S0194&p=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.latinbusinesschronicle.com%2Fresources%2Fresearch%2Findex.htm
* About Us - http://rs6.net/tn.jsp?t=axxkvwbab.0.whpxrobab.gzppmobab.434&ts=S0194&p=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.latinbusinesschronicle.com%2Flbc%2Faboutus
* Contact Us - http://rs6.net/tn.jsp?t=axxkvwbab.0.xhpxrobab.gzppmobab.434&ts=S0194&p=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.latinbusinesschronicle.com%2Flbc%2Fcontactus.htm

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Our Sponsors




Join our mailing list!
http://ui.constantcontact.com/d.jsp?p=oi&m=1101068222246

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
E-mail: info@latinbusinesschronicle.com
Tel: +1 (305) 831-4809
Web: http://www.latinbusinesschronicle.com


Forward email
http://ui.constantcontact.com/sa/fwtf.jsp?m=1101068222246&ea=jeb%40myflorida.com&a=1101345939168





This email was sent to jeb@myflorida.com,
by info@latinbusinesschronicle.com

Update Profile/Email Address
http://ui.constantcontact.com/d.jsp?p=oo&m=1101068222246&ea=jeb%40myflorida.com&se=434&t=1101345939168&lang=en&reason=F

Instant removal with SafeUnsubscribe(TM)
http://ui.constantcontact.com/d.jsp?p=un&m=1101068222246&ea=jeb%40myflorida.com&se=434&t=1101345939168&lang=en&reason=F

Privacy Policy:
http://ui.constantcontact.com/roving/CCPrivacyPolicy.jsp




Powered by
Constant Contact(R)
www.constantcontact.com




Latin Business Chronicle LLC | 6911 NW 87th Avenue | Suite A, BM # 1935 | Miami | FL | 33178








From:	Judy L. Chiaramonte <judylynn5@verizon.net>
Sent:	Friday, July 7, 2006 1:44 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	My Brothers 3rd appeal has gone through!

Dear Governor Bush,
I wanted you to know that my Brothers 3rd appeal, to get into Health South Rehabilitation went through this afternoon. I just wanted to follow up with you from my e mail that I had sent out to you this morning concerning my Brother Dale and I wanted to let you know the wonderful news !!!!!!!
We thank God for Your life and Your Family's,

	Psalms 9:9-10 The LORD also will be a refuge for the oppressed, a refuge in times of trouble.

	10 And they that know thy name will put their trust in thee: for thou, LORD, hast not forsaken them that seek thee.

 
In His Care,
Judy Chiaramonte
 
 
From:	ross greybill <ross2vegas@peoplepc.com>
Sent:	Friday, July 7, 2006 1:01 PM
To:	APP
Cc:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Fw: Emailing: the convenient TRUTH..MEDIA AIR THIS
Attachments:	banner1.jpg; spacer.gif; ad_paidtext.gif; banner3.jpg; left_top1.gif; left_writeOfficials.gif; left_enterZip.gif; left_byPeople.gif; left_forPeople.gif; election06.gif; spacer.gif; 20004.jpg_size=147x105; spacer.gif; but_bio_bio.gif_type=cs&color=000099; but_bio_sendmessage.gif_type=cs&color=000099; but_bio_letters_on.gif_type=cs&color=000099; megavotepromo.gif; soapbox5.gif; soapbox_up.gif; soapbox_down.gif

Congress.org
----- Original Message ----- 
From: ross greybill 
To: sensen 
Cc: ross greybill 
Sent: Friday, July 07, 2006 8:52 AM
Subject: Emailing: the convenient TRUTH..MEDIA AIR THIS



            
                    
            
     
                 
                    a.. Home 
                      
                          
                 
           
              a.. President & Vice Pres. 
              b.. Congress 
              c.. Federal Agencies 
              d.. Supreme Court 
              e.. State Officials 
              f.. Local Officials 

           


              a.. Take Action on Issues 
              b.. Soapbox: Raise an Issue 
              c.. Hand Deliver Your Letters 
              d.. Read Letters to Leaders 

           


              a.. Power Rankings 
              b.. Vote Monitor 
              c.. Search Recent Votes 
              d.. Search Current Bills 
              e.. Add Us to Your Web Site 
              f.. Send to a Friend 
              g.. Capitol Hill Basics 
              h.. Media Guide 
              i.. Books on Congress 
              j.. Register to Vote 

           
              


           
      
                 
                   
                 President George W. Bush  
                             
                             
                       
                       
                                  
                                 
                                 
                                 
                                 
                                 
                                 
                                 
                                · More Letters to
                                  President Bush

                                · Search All 
                                  Letters

                                 
                                 
                                See Vice President 
                                 
                                See First Lady 
                             
                             
                             
                             
                        Letters To Leaders 
                                 
                                 
                                All messages are published with permission of the sender. The general topic of this message is Immigration: 
                                 
                                 
                                Subject:
                                American the land of the Exploited & Oppressed middle & Corrpt Politicians rewarding the Criminals & the Corrupt Rich!

                                To:
                                President George Bush

                                July 7, 2006

                                Where have American Statesman gone? It is a sad day for American when all we have left are Money grubbing Corrupt Politicians. 

                                The Nation cries out for leadership by men of Vision & Integrity that believes in Duty, Honor, Country & service to the Nation!

                                There can be no higher calling than Statesmanship & Service to ones country but there can be no lower calling than the Corrupt Money grubbing Politicians like we have now! 

                                The Republican party is nothing but Lackeys & Servants to Greedy Companies & Businesses! 

                                The Democrat Party is nothing but Wimps, Servants & Lackeys to the Left Wing like the ACLU and other American Haters! 

                                Both Parties would sell their first born for money & both are selling this Country out for money! 

                                Recent polls indicate Congress receives an 28% approval rating. What is surprising about that is how they did the ever get such high rating? Even worse Bush is in the 34,s either he or they deserve rating that high most don't even deserve a job and sure not approval.

                                In fact, if terrorist do cross our open borders with WMD they would be doing American a great favor if they wiped out about 85% of the Corrupt Nest of Vipers in Washington DC. 

                                There is no Political Party to represent the vast Majority of American that are in the middle and that are either Left or Right Wing & only want a decent honest government working together for Americans & quite Pandering to either the Right or Left Wing of their parties & working for the Lobbyist instead of American Citizens.

                                Both Parties are supporting an Illegal Invasion & undeclared war by Mexico and Latin American countries, in direct Violation of Article IV Section 4 our Constitution & Law! 

                                Anyone in the world that wants to can cross our unprotected Southern Borders, including Terrorist with WMD! 

                                Now there are more and more reports of the Mexican Army providing protection for Drug dealers crossing our borders! 

                                Poll after National Poll indicates over 80 percent of Americans want our borders closed to Illegal Aliens, Drugs, Terrorist, & Diseases & do not want rewarding people coming here Illegally taking American jobs while sucking at the Trough of Public Welfare & costing tax payers 10 of Billions of dollars while lowing our Standard of living by another 200 billion per year & increasing! 

                                But our Corrupt out-of-control politicians could care less what American Citizens want! They think as long as they get the money for 30 seconds attack ads we have no choice but to vote for one or the other, or not vote & the one with the most money wins! 

                                In other words, our choices are always between bad and worse! 

                                I for one will no longer be a member of the Republican Party. I thought know President could possibly be worse then Jimmy Carter in my life time but President Bush wins hand down. 

                                He is without Doubt one of the most Stupid, Corrupt, Arrogant, Incompetent, Anti-American President in American History! 

                                I would urge all Americans Citizens to do as I am doing and change to independent, even if we do vote for the same political party as now it will make then quit taking our votes for a given & make them start listening to the voice of the people & shaping their polices for the middle instead of the nuts on the extreme wings!

                                lindsy , TX

                                 
                              Related Issue Alerts: . The Real Politics of Immigration: Amnesty & Secret Ballot Protection Act - National Alliance for Worker and Employer Rights  
                                . Tell Congressional Candidates to REJECT Amnesty for Illegal Aliens - Conservative Alerts  
                                . Contact Your Representative to Support Comprehensive Immigration Reform - Justice for Immigrants: A Journey of Hope. The Catholic Campaign for Immigration Reform  
                                . Phone Your Representative to Support Comprehensive Immigration Reform - Justice for Immigrants: A Journey of Hope. The Catholic Campaign for Immigration Reform  
                                more action alerts...  
                                 
                             
                             
                       
                  
                   
                 
            
                        Issues raised by the people.
                        Post yours on Soapbox! 
                 
                  More Soapbox alerts  
                       
                 
                        Goverment By the Corrupt for the Corrupt Must Change! - OK
                        viewed 45 times

                        John Kerry is Not Qualified to Protect Veterans or Women - CA
                        viewed 66 times

                        Governmental Treatment of Military Retiree's - MO
                        viewed 36 times

                        Nevada Government is Corrupt - NV
                        viewed 51 times

                        Come on America! Outlawing Horse Slaughter in the U.S. Is Overdue! - AZ
                        viewed 86 times

                        God Told You to Become President and Attack Al-Queda Huh? - GA
                        viewed 109 times

                        Pres. Bush - "The Illusionist" - IL
                        viewed 130 times

                        Senate Bill Disarms Law Enforcement - IL
                        viewed 90 times

                        Time to Overturn Feres - OH
                        viewed 90 times

                        Don't Expext Lower Gas Prices Anytime Soon. - TX
                        viewed 126 times

                        Public Morality Doesn't Override the Constitution - CA
                        viewed 202 times

                        Martin Luther King, Jr., National Historic Site - CA
                        viewed 87 times

                        Official Recognition of the Little Shell Tribe - MT
                        viewed 89 times

                        Pension Reform - WA
                        viewed 127 times

                        How Can Bush Stand By Israel When Our Prisons Are Full with Murderers and Child Abductors? - CA
                        viewed 228 times

                        Stem Cells Treatment - FL
                        viewed 112 times

                        Our Country in Trouble? - TX
                        viewed 284 times

                        How the Patriot Act Compares to Hitler's Enabling Act - CA
                        viewed 612 times

                        Martin Luther King, Jr., National Historic Site - CA
                        viewed 186 times

                        Corruption in Nevada Government - NV
                        viewed 271 times

                        "I Don't Know Captain Scott Speicher" - FL
                        viewed 341 times

                        The Phony "War on Terror" - CA
                        viewed 602 times

                        Defense/Military - AZ
                        viewed 245 times

                        "The U.S. Troops Don't Support the Constitution" From a Gulf War 1 Vet - AZ
                        viewed 405 times

                        Www.globalcrier.blogspot.com/ - NY
                        viewed 172 times

                        The Bush Family Terrorist ! - FL
                        viewed 689 times

                        Cell Phone Disease - OH
                        viewed 299 times

                        Supreme Court Has Found Bush Guilty of War Crimes - CA
                        viewed 586 times

                        Does "Zero Tolerance" Over Rule "No Child Left Behind Act." - GA
                        viewed 304 times

                        This is Eternal Life - NY
                        viewed 325 times

                        Detention Camps for Political Dissidents Built in Usa - CA
                        viewed 429 times

                        Bush Plans for a Third Term Presidency - CA
                        viewed 847 times

                        Is George W. Bush a Psychopath? - CA
                        viewed 655 times

                        Armed Forces Chairman Hunter Determined to Link Old Chemical Findings to Reason to Go to War in Iraq - MI
                        viewed 277 times

                        George is a Servant of the People - CA
                        viewed 353 times

                        Does "Zero Tolerance" Over Rule "No Child Left Behind Act." - GA
                        viewed 303 times

                        End Horse Slaughter in the Us! - MN
                        viewed 458 times

                        Illegal Immigration, Political Correctness,And Our Politicians - CA
                        viewed 501 times

                        Stop the Sin of High Interest Credit Cards - CA
                        viewed 269 times

                        Hemp for Victory - WI
                        viewed 242 times

                        Please Save the Army's Neurofibromatosis Research Program (Nfrp) In the Fiscal Year 2007 Defense Appropriations Bill. - MA
                        viewed 197 times

                        The Circumcision Operation - OR
                        viewed 255 times

                        How Many of the Pro-Illegal Alien Originations Like Azltan & Our Politicians Are Receiving Money from the Mexican Drug . - OK
                        viewed 330 times

                        Ga Preditor Law Jeopordizes Us All - GA
                        viewed 213 times

                        Experts Call for Release of 9/11 Evidence - MD
                        viewed 659 times

                        Freedom of the Press Vs the New York Times - GA
                        viewed 653 times

                        Private Companies "Sponsoring" Medicare Are Increasing Costs and Robbing Us Blind - CA
                        viewed 493 times

                        Blink 182 Star Latest Celebrity to Question 9/11 - MD
                        viewed 881 times

                        Housing/Mental Illness - MD
                        viewed 404 times

                       
                        See more..  
                 

                  More Soapbox alerts  
                        
           
     
     
--------------------------------------------------------------------------
            © 2006 Capitol Advantage LLC.
            About Us   Contact Us   Frequently Asked Questions   Privacy Policy   Terms of use 
            To update or correct any information on this site please contact our Research Department 

           
      



--------------------------------------------------------------------------------


No virus found in this incoming message.
Checked by AVG Free Edition.
Version: 7.1.394 / Virus Database: 268.9.9/382 - Release Date: 7/4/2006
From:	WSBOZE@aol.com
Sent:	Friday, July 7, 2006 12:47 PM
To:	Lawrence.C.Evans@saj02.usace.army.mil
Cc:	president@whitehouse.gov; Governor Jeb Bush; robert.m.carpenter@saj02.usace.army.mil
Subject:	[*] Navarre Beach Restoration Project

Dear Mr. Evans -- Please take a look at the online link to the picture of the project.  It's 1440 feet left to completion.  
 
http://www.navarrebeachphotos.com/  It defies common sense and logic to stop the project now and jeopardize all that has been done by leaving a breach in the shoreline.
 
We urge you to take a practical, common sense look at the potentially horrendous cost that failure to complete this project will subject the County and all property owners to.  We are all concerned about turtles, and would suggest you consider working to delay the shrimping season next year by one day to account for the remote possibility that another one will be killed finishing this project.  Commercial shrimpers kill thousands of turtles a year, if my information is accurate.
 
I understand the Appeal has now been denied.  Please reconsider and do the right thing for thousands of property owners in Santa Rosa County.
 
Very respectfully,
 
Steve Bozeman, CDR, JAGC, USN (Ret)
8269 Gulf Blvd #1404
Navarre Beach, FL 32566
850.525.9694
From:	bruno schmidt <brunojschmidt@hotmail.com>
Sent:	Friday, July 7, 2006 12:46 PM
To:	Cindy_Morris@doh.state.fl.us
Cc:	brianblair@brianblair.com; MontalvoM@hillsboroughcounty.org; vharwood@cas.usf.edu; AustinK@HillsboroughCounty.ORG; Doug_Holt@doh.state.fl.us; Bobbie_Thackeray@doh.state.fl.us; Michael_Dreyer@doh.state.fl.us; gordonr@HillsboroughCounty.ORG; Maria_Manz@doh.state.fl.us
Subject:	RE: Response to your concerns (AR# 44352)

Thankyou for your response.  So instead of 15,000 septic systems overflowing 
in Hillsborough County, I can take solace and be glad that you estimate only 
1000 to 2000 septic tanks are overflowing and pouring raw sewage into our 
surface water and storm drains which eventually feed into our Bay.  Noone 
really knows how many septic systems are failing do they?  The crux of my 
letter was to urge Hillsborough County to start an inspection program and be 
pro-active.  I even suggested a method that is an on-going program and 
currently being done in progressive communities using fees to fund the 
inspection program.  Has this idea been lost in the minutia of data and 
estimates?  Don't you think that 1000 to 2000 overflowing septic tanks is 
too much?  Is this acceptable and are we supposed to put up with your 
estimates instead of facts?  Don't you think that my estimates might be as 
good as your estimates?

Regards,

Bruno J. Schmidt
President Save our Canals (SOcS)


>From: <Cindy_Morris@doh.state.fl.us>
>To: <brunojschmidt@hotmail.com>
>CC: <MontalvoM@HillsboroughCounty.ORG>, <vharwood@cas.usf.edu>,        
><AustinK@HillsboroughCounty.ORG>, <Doug_Holt@doh.state.fl.us>,        
><Bobbie_Thackeray@doh.state.fl.us>, <Michael_Dreyer@doh.state.fl.us>,       
>  <gordonr@HillsboroughCounty.ORG>, <Maria_Manz@doh.state.fl.us>
>Subject: Response to your concerns (AR# 44352)
>Date: Fri, 7 Jul 2006 12:08:23 -0400
>
>Dear Mr. Schmidt
>
>The Hillsborough County Health Department (HCHD) is part of a
>Stakeholders Group making efforts with Hillsborough County to reduce
>pollution sources in surface waters throughout the County.  Please go to
>the web site for the last meeting minutes of this TMDL/BMAP Project.
>http://www.tampabay.wateratlas.usf.edu/news/committees.asp?GROUPID=6&ACT
>IVE=1
>
>Efforts are underway to establish what pollutants and in what amounts
>are being delivered to these waters. When more data is available as to
>the causes of the pollution within our waterways we will be working with
>the EPC and all other stakeholders on plans to minimize the effects of
>the contributing factors.
>
>EPA estimates that 4%, not 15% of fecal bacterial pollution in surface
>waters may be from failing septic systems. According to our Bureau of
>Onsite Wastewater Programs in Tallahassee the Florida state average of
>septic systems in failure is much less than the national average. Our
>State average is estimated at below 5% and in most counties, including
>Hillsborough, data would indicate system failures are in the 1-2% range.
>
>The HCHD is also currently working with Dr. Harwood on research
>involving surface water testing at some of our local beaches to try to
>determine any causes for contamination that can be established. We
>contacted Dr. Harwood about your concerns, and she feels that while it
>is prudent to be concerned about the effects of human activities on
>water quality, your interpretation of her presentation extends beyond
>the message she intended to deliver. Suggesting that the 40% "unknown"
>component of contamination estimated by the EPA is from septic tanks in
>Hillsborough County is not supported by her presentation, or any other
>scientific evidence. In fact mounting scientific evidence shows that
>storm water is a major culprit in transporting fecal bacteria to surface
>waters. Another possible source of the "unknown" fraction, which has
>been largely ignored until very recently, is indicator bacteria
>populations that persist and perhaps grow in beach sand and sediments.
>Dr Harwood has indicated that she would be happy to discuss her
>presentation with you directly to clear up any misunderstanding. Her
>email address is vharwood@cas.usf.edu, and her phone number is
>813-974-1524.
>
>Should you have any further questions please call Mike Dreyer at
>307-8015 ext 5920 our Onsite Wastewater Program supervisor.
>
>Cindy Morris
>Environmental Administrator
>Hillsborough County Health Department
>PO Box 5135 Tampa, Fl 33675
>(813) 307-8015 Ext. 5901 Suncom 582-5901 Fax (813) 272-7242
>DOH Mission: To promote and protect the health and safety of all people
>in Florida through the delivery of quality public health services and
>promotion of health care standards.
> > Please note: Florida has a very broad public records law.
> > Most written communications to or from state officials
> > regarding state business are public records available to the
> > public and media upon request. Your e-mail communications
> > may therefore be subject to public disclosure.
>
>


From:	janet horn <janetmhorn@yahoo.com>
Sent:	Friday, July 7, 2006 12:43 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Re: George looking to make his image better.

Jeb,
 
If you and your brother really want to make a major difference in peoples lives. Start by looking at child support. No child can support themselves at age 18 these days the law should read either 25 or whenever they graduate with a BA degree or that the children may declare themselves independent on FAFSA the govenment should not get it both ways. If a child is independent at 18 then they are independent. If they are dependent then child support should continue until they can manage on their own.

  _____  

Do you Yahoo!?
Everyone is raving about the all-new Yahoo! Mail Beta.
From:	ross greybill <ross2vegas@peoplepc.com>
Sent:	Friday, July 7, 2006 12:36 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Cc:	APP
Subject:	Fw: Emailing: ALL OF AMERICAS OPINION
Attachments:	presnotoFR-vi.jpg

 
----- Original Message ----- 
From: ross greybill 
To: c 
Cc: ross greybill 
Sent: Friday, July 07, 2006 9:57 AM
Subject: Emailing: ALL OF AMERICAS OPINION

OUR U.S. POLITICANS STILL DONT AND CANT GET IT???DO THESE PEOPLE TAKE MORON CLASSES BEFORE TAKING OFFICE?? ZERO AMNESTY...SECURE BORDERS..
Free Republic
Home · Browse · Search 	Pings · Mail 	News/Activism
Topics · Post Article 	
  _____  


Skip to comments. 

2006 Q3 FReepathon. Target: $68,000	 Receipts & Pledges to-date: $15,554	
22%	  	
Thank you all very much!!	

Craig's ag immigration plan attacked at Caldwell hearing
Times-News ^ | 7/6/6


Posted on 07/07/2006 7:27:48 AM PDT by ZGuy


CALDWELL, Idaho (AP) -- U.S. Sen. Larry Craig, R-Idaho, has sponsored legislation that would allow illegal immigrants who have worked in agriculture in the U.S. for at least three years to remain as temporary workers. 

But not everyone agreed with Craig's bill at a town hall meeting on Wednesday at Albertson College of Idaho. 

"Get them out!" shouted some of the 70 people who attended the meeting. 

"We may disagree on how the problem gets solved," Craig told the crowd, "but I'm hell-bent to solve it." 

Craig talked about the war in Iraq and salmon recovery, but illegal immigration became the main topic. 

Helen McClain and her sister, Wanda, attended the event wearing shirts that said "Stop Illegal Immigration." 

"I speak for millions of people," Helen McClain told the Idaho Press-Tribune. "America is very mad." 

"I don't disagree with your anger and frustration," Craig told the audience. 

Under proposed legislation, illegal immigrants would be fined and have to go through a background check. The U.S. would deport convicted felons, but would issue a "blue card" for immigrants who have been in the country for three or more years. 

"We need a legal, controlled immigrant work force in our nation," Craig said. 

But some people in the crowd told Craig that U.S. citizens lose jobs to undocumented workers. 

"And that's wrong," Craig said. "That's why we need a legal work force." 

Other concerns among crowd members were that the National Guard would not be able to stop illegal immigrants at the border, that illegal immigrants were overcrowding schools, and that the blue card program was confusing. 

"Eight million illegals is proof it doesn't work," said Craig of the current immigration system. 

But he said illegal immigration to the U.S. was being caused by a U.S. economy that provided illegal immigrants a place to find jobs. 

"When somebody's struggling to put food in their family's mouths, you can't build a wall high enough," Craig said.


  _____  

TOPICS: Government; US: Idaho; Click to Add Topic
KEYWORDS: AGWORKERS; ALIENS; GUESTWORKERS; IDAHO; IMMIGRANTLIST; LARRYCRAIG; Click to Add Keyword 
  _____  

 
Donate Here By Secure Server 

Or mail checks to 

FreeRepublic, LLC 
PO BOX 9771 
FRESNO, CA 93794

or you can use 

PayPal at Jimrob@psnw.com 
STOP BY AND BUMP THE FUNDRAISER THREAD. 
It is in the breaking news sidebar! 

  _____  

[ Report Abuse | Bookmark ]
  _____  

Here's how Amanda Carpenter blogged it ove at Human Events: 

Pro-Amnesty Larry Craig Gets an Earful on Immigration from Voters 

"Get them out!" 

That's the refrain angry constituents yelled at Sen. Larry Craig (R.-Idaho) for his legislation that would allow immigrants who have worked illegally in agricutural business for at least three years to stay as legal temporary workers. 

Roughly 70 people convened at a townhall meeting at Albertson College of Idaho today and immigration concerns overrode discussions on the war in Iraq and other issues sensitive to Idaho. An AP report from Caldwell, Idaho said Craig told them, "I don't disagree with your anger and frustration," but continued to try to get support for a guest worker program anyway. 

Some audience members decried that U.S. citizens were losing their jobs to illegal workers. To those constituents Craig illogically countered "That's why we need a legal work force"--as if a legal class of temporary workers working for less than American workers would somehow save American jobs.


1 posted on 07/07/2006 7:27:51 AM PDT by ZGuy 
[ Post Reply | Private Reply | View Replies | Report Abuse ]
  _____  

To: gubamyster

ping


2 posted on 07/07/2006 7:33:11 AM PDT by DumpsterDiver 
[ Post Reply | Private Reply | To 1 | View Replies | Report Abuse ]
  _____  

To: ZGuy

The senators are taking it in the shorts. GOOD!!


3 posted on 07/07/2006 7:33:15 AM PDT by conservativecorner 
[ Post Reply | Private Reply | To 1 | View Replies | Report Abuse ]
  _____  

To: ZGuy

IBTOBL


4 posted on 07/07/2006 7:35:25 AM PDT by Bikers4Bush (Flood waters rising, heading for more conservative ground. Vote for true conservatives!) 
[ Post Reply | Private Reply | To 1 | View Replies | Report Abuse ]
  _____  

To: ZGuy

This Craig guy is totally in bed with the potato plantations isn't he.


5 posted on 07/07/2006 7:48:38 AM PDT by muawiyah (-) 
[ Post Reply | Private Reply | To 1 | View Replies | Report Abuse ]

Disclaimer: Opinions posted on Free Republic are those of the individual posters and do not necessarily represent the opinion of Free Republic or its management. All materials posted herein are protected by copyright law and the exemption for fair use of copyrighted works. 

Free Republic
Home · Browse · Search 	Pings · Mail 	News/Activism
Topics · Post Article 	
  _____  

FreeRepublic, LLC, PO BOX 9771, FRESNO, CA 93794 
FreeRepublic.com is powered by software copyright 2000-2003 Robinson-DeFehr Consulting, LLC. 

  _____  

No virus found in this incoming message.
Checked by AVG Free Edition.
Version: 7.1.394 / Virus Database: 268.9.9/382 - Release Date: 7/4/2006

From:	Sgrandam21@aol.com
Sent:	Friday, July 7, 2006 12:22 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Fwd: An Urgent message from THE SON OF THE PRESIDENT
Attachments:	An Urgent message from THE SON OF THE PRESIDENT

From:	Ortep117@aol.com
Sent:	Friday, July 7, 2006 12:22 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	7/706 Thank You

Gov. Bush,thank you for acting on my e-mail of 6/29/06 concerning the Childrens & Families Dept. While I am no better off then when I sent my e-mail to you,I want you to know that I appreciate you acting on it.
I will have to file for bankruptcy,but at my age I doubt that I will need a good creit record. Thanks again Gov. Ed. Petro 850-475-0045 e- mail address. Ortep117@aol.com
From:	Terry Hawkins <Terry.Hawkins@fldfs.com>
Sent:	Friday, July 7, 2006 11:46 AM
To:	stewart.osborne@micromo.com
Cc:	Governor Jeb Bush; Rand Napoli; Jim Goodloe
Subject:	RE: Fireworks - and this one....

 

 

I have been requested to respond to your letter to Governor Jeb Bush concerning the use of fireworks in the State of Florida.

 

Chapter 791, Florida Statutes, prohibits the use of fireworks in the State of Florida, except under certain conditions, such as a permitted public display.   The statute does allow for the sale of approved sparkler products for use by the general public, however, if a product launches or explodes, it is illegal for use in this State.   The Division of State Fire Marshal does publish a list of legal sparklers on the Division’s website at www.fldfs.com/sfm.   

 

The Division shares in your concern regarding the use of fireworks and we urge all citizens to abide by state and local fireworks laws, attend professional fireworks displays or to use only legal sparklers in a safe manner.

 

The statute does provide to each sheriff, or his or her appointee, or any other police officer, the authority to seize, take, or remove or cause to be removed at the expense of the owner, all stocks of fireworks or combustibles offered or exposed for sale, stored, or held in violation of Chapter 791, Florida Statutes.   Violation of the statute is a misdemeanor of the first degree.

 

Thank you for bringing this matter to the attention of this office and your interest in the safety and welfare of the citizens of this State.

 

Terry Hawkins

Safety Program Manager

Bureau of Fire Prevention

Division of State Fire Marshal

200 E. Gaines Street

Tallahassee, FL 32399-0342

 

 

 

From: Governor Jeb Bush [mailto:Jeb.Bush@MyFlorida.com] 
Sent: Wednesday, July 05, 2006 5:08 PM
To: Stewart Osborne
Cc: Rand Napoli
Subject: RE: Fireworks

 

Governor Bush has received your e-mail and has asked me to respond on his behalf.

 

To better assist you, I am forwarding your concerns to the Division of the State Fire Marshal in the Department of Financial Services for their review.  You should hear from someone in that office.

 

Thank you for writing and do not hesitate to write again on matters of concern or interest to you.

 

Sincerely,

 

Rex T. Newman

Citizens' Services

-----Original Message-----
From: Stewart Osborne [mailto:stewart.osborne@micromo.com]
Sent: Wednesday, July 05, 2006 9:07 AM
To: Governor Jeb Bush
Subject: Fireworks

Mr. Bush,

 

I find it distressing that fireworks are illegal in this state, yet the law turns a blind eye to the fact that retailers are allowed to sell these loud and annoying menaces.  My neighbors were letting off fireworks until 3am last night.  Why isn't the fireworks law enforced?  We can enforce other ridiculous laws like banning gay adoption, but for some reason nothing is being done about the public fireworks annoyance.  Please enforce the ban on fireworks.

 

Thanks,

 

 

Stu Osborne

Network Administrator

MicroMo Electronics, Inc.

(727) 572-0131 x107

stewart.osborne@micromo.com

 

From:	d_n_john <masahouse@inter-networks.net>
Sent:	Friday, July 7, 2006 11:51 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Tom Gallager

  Just a note to try to get a question to Mr. Gallager, How can he be so 
pro family, ?? and anti Gay marrage, when he himself has a history,, of 
DIVORCE. and not a nice history at that, How can a MAN talk out of both 
sides of his mouth, when he has done what he has done.?? As a woman, 
whos first husband cheated, on me, with his co worker, and I DIVORCED 
him, I have been married for 30 years to my second husband. I have a son 
who served his country in the military for 21 years, Longer than most so 
called consertive {LEADERS??} and he is GAY!!!!!!! and he fought!!! and 
was hurt!! serving HIS COUNTRY, unlike most SO CALLED LEADERS?? or their 
family members, And yet, he is being DENIED the same rights as a MASS 
MURDER, MASS MURDERS MAKE SUCH GREAT HUSBANDS} don`t you think??? has in 
the state of florida, the right to marry !!the person he has been with 
for 14 years, INCLUDING the time he was in the military. And the family 
values you talk about, Give me a break, My cheating first husband is a 
LAWYER!! and serves in the STATE, I find it horrable the a section of 
our people are not given the same rights as a CHEATING HUSBAND, or a 
MASS MURDERER, and can not even adopt a child, while the STATE is doing 
such a GREAT??? job of caring for the 100`s of childern who need a 
loving home, the CRA*$* that comes out of the mouths of cheating men, 
calling themselves {men with family values,} makes me sick.  I brought 
up 3 childern on my own,{ when my wonderfull STRAIGHT CHEATING HUSBAND] 
decided he needed a Big busted Blond, LAWYER,} not the woman, who put 
him through Law school, and had his babies, and tried to be a good stay 
at home wife,One son is a police officer, my daughter is a agri-tect,for 
the state, and my middle son, is a RETIRED with HONORS, military VET,and 
GAY!!! So do not blame gays! for being GAY!! it must be the fault of 
women like me, and my wonderfull 2nd husband. We taught him to be GAY, 
and fight for a country ,and state that treats him, and other gays, like 
trash, NO  GOP running for office, {EVEN DOG CATCHER} will get my family 
vote. The bottom of the totom pole is sinking {in the cost to even live 
}in our home state, Where like{ HIS SECOND wife} I am 4th generation 
Floridian,  So do not pretend to walk the walk, when you decide!! what 
are FAMILY VALUES. A tiger can not change it`s stripes. Once a divorced 
  cheater, always a divorced cheater, with less FAMILY VALUES than MY 
GAY RETIRED FROM THE MILITARY, SON, and his partner of 14 years, a 
TEACHER in Hillsboro country, OH maybe I should not say that, he might 
get FIRED, for not being a STRAIGHT man, who KIlls his wife, or cheats 
on her and leaves his kids, Thank GOD, for men like MY {second] HUSBAND, 
a hard working RED NECK, Who worked for Brevard county for 38 years. now 
we have to both be working, to support the cost of Insurance, and taxes, 
given to us ,by the wonderfull STRAIGHT, family values?? men .who call 
themselves MEN?? and Republicans, the votes will tell, The top will fall 
when the bottom goes, and the bottom is falling, Thanks for all the good 
lessons in FAMILY VALUES, and teaching me about the need of REAL family, 
  NOT THE CHEATING KIND. NO member of the BUSh group, has ever cheated, 
or been divorced, now have they??, or had a problem with their childern, 
{WITH THE LAW, drugs or BOOZE} and no one in the GOP has a GAY family 
member, who is being treated worse ,than DIRT, or MASS murders, or 
CHEATING GOP LEADERS. OH YES Mr, Vice President,Chaney!! I do believe 
!!has one of those horrable people in HIS FAMILY. Take away his right to 
bring up grand childern, It may be passed on, from him to his 
grandchildern. After all his daughter has this horrable problem, and he 
is the next in line after Mr.George Bush, you know him ,Our leader, to 
take over the country if Mr, G bush should become Ill. How can that be, 
only GAYS get GAYS?? no straight family would have one, ?? So gays get 
gays, is that so??? No one who is gay!! can adopt, and pass this 
horrable problem on to their childern!! Well from this STRAIGHT WOMAN, 
married once to a Cheating STRAIGHT LAWYER, we got one. So tell me, 
Where did he come from???
From:	Barry Jack <Jack.Barry@irs.gov>
Sent:	Friday, July 7, 2006 11:45 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Recall: Disaster Planning

Expires:	Sunday, July 9, 2006 11:45 AM

Barry Jack would like to recall the message, "Disaster Planning". 

From:	Sally Swithers <Sally.Swithers@comcast.net>
Sent:	Friday, July 7, 2006 12:00 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Climate Change

What are you doing about the crisis of global warming?
 
Sally Swithers
From:	michael fitzpatrick <mikearts62029@yahoo.com>
Sent:	Friday, July 7, 2006 12:00 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	It's working!

Governor Bush:
   I said awhile back that your inaction was resulting in a collapse of the home resale market. At that time the existing glut of homes for sale was increasing day by day while the number of sales was rapidly going in the reverse direction.
   Because you stubbornly will not do what is right, addional proof of the resale crisis you created has appeared. "Price Reduced" signs are now appearing with the many, many "For Sale" signs. The little guy, who is trying to sell his home because he can't afford to pay the exhorbitant homeowner's insurance premium, is finding that if he is to sell his home he has to take a financial loss. As a Republican I always said that the Democrats' claim that Republicans stick it to the little guy wasn't so, but watching you in action, or better, watching your inaction has lead me to believe that in your case it is true.
   I, although I'm a long standing Republican, have to admit that your stubborn refusal to call a special session of the Legislature to adopt a State Catastrophe Property Insurance Program, because the idea didn't originate with you shows a shortfall of character.
   Sincerely, Michael Fitzpatrick
                   Port Richey, Fl. 

__________________________________________________
Do You Yahoo!?
Tired of spam? Yahoo! Mail has the best spam protection around 
http://mail.yahoo.com 
From:	udt.4 <udt.4@netzero.com>
Sent:	Friday, July 7, 2006 11:46 AM
To:	gromagnoli@pascocountyfl.net
Cc:	commissioners@pascocountyfl.net; Legg, John; fabrams@pascocountyfl.net
Subject:	RE: Response to your e-mail of 6/31/2006

Dear Mr. Romagnoli;

 

I’m sorry that you feel the need to argue, I only wrote to you because after all this time I finally was made aware of the person responsible for “assisting” the residents of Pasco County.  It is apparent that you are not aware of the situation, because you only read what you want to read.

  

In your e-mail of June 30, 2006 you state that Ms. Adams suggested you contact me to see if you could help me and in the same mail you tell me to go somewhere else with my problems.  The fact is that I only receive $527 in Social Security income and that the seawall is in urgent need of repair.  My husband was a Navy SEAL he suffered from lung cancer and was disabled due to diabetes and could not perform the necessary repairs and due to our limited income we could not afford to have it done.  

 

You state that the house is or was appraised for $225,581in 2004.  I don’t know where you get your information from but this number is incorrect.  The house was assessed at $98,000 in 2004 and increased to $136,000 in 2005 although the damage should have decreased its value.  

 

Here are the facts:

We had a crisis in 2004 because of two hurricanes.  Some of the damage was and still is not covered by insurance and we also were unable to receive assistance from FEMA, because they only assisted with housing repairs and not seawalls and from the SBA due to limited income.

 

The application from “Pasco County Community Development Division – Housing Section – Application for Housing Loan was not mailed from your office until  “Date stamp: Friday, November 5, 2004”.  

 

It took me approximately 2  days to collect all the information required as per the Housing Application Instructions.

 

After submitting my application the following week, I did not hear anything more from your office.  I called on 4/11/05 and spoke to Grace – she had no information regarding my application and asked me to speak with Ms. Schott.  Ms. Schott informed me that she had a pile of applications a mile high and that she would let me know as soon as she pulled my application.

 

The same day April 11, 2005 - 5 months after I submitted my application - Ms. Schott wrote in a letter:

 

We received your application for disaster assistance.  The assessed value of your property by Pasco County Property Assessor is higher than our limit of $135,000.  Therefore we will not be able to give you rehabilitation assistance.

 

According to Mike Olsen the appraisal of property is contingent on the sale of same size properties in the area, which leads me to conclude that the actual value of a home is not considered for some according to public records.

 

Is it the county’s responsibility to inform its citizens of programs and assistance available after a disaster, but your office failed us and many more residents of Pasco County.  

 

Thanks to the counties discriminatory practices, I will now have to sell my home.

 

Sincerely,

Mrs. Christine Cummings

13602 Allyn Drive

Hudson, FL 34667

(727)862-6888

 

From:	Terry Hawkins <Terry.Hawkins@fldfs.com>
Sent:	Friday, July 7, 2006 11:44 AM
To:	ihoehl@tampabay.rr.com
Cc:	Governor Jeb Bush; Jim Goodloe; Rand Napoli
Subject:	RE: fireworks

I have been requested to respond to your letter to Governor Jeb Bush concerning fireworks stands around the State of Florida.

 

The statute does allow for the sale of approved sparkler products for use by the general public,  and Chapter 791, Florida Statutes, requires that the person or firm who wishes to do business in this state or to otherwise sell, ship, or assign for sale its products in this state to register annually with the Division of State Fire Marshal.   The stands that you have observed on the side of the road would be required to register with the Division as a Seasonal Retailer and the registration issued would provide the retailer with the authority to conduct sales of approved sparkler products.  The Division of State Fire Marshal publishes a list of legal sparkler products on the Division’s website at www.fldfs.com/sfm;

 

The statute does allow for the importation, purchase, sale, or use of fireworks used or to be used solely and exclusively in frightening birds from agricultural works and fish hatcheries; this type sale would be conducted by a manufacturer, distributor or wholesaler and the use of such products is governed entirely by the rules prescribed by the Florida Department of Agriculture and Consumer Services, the rules are located in Chapter 5A-3 of the Florida Administrative Code.

 

Thank you for bringing this matter to the attention of this office and your interest in the safety and welfare of the citizens of this State.

 

Terry Hawkins

Safety Program Manager

Bureau of Fire Prevention

Division of State Fire Marshal

200 E. Gaines Street

Tallahassee, FL 32399-0342

 

 

  _____  

From: Governor Jeb Bush [mailto:Jeb.Bush@MyFlorida.com] 
Sent: Wednesday, July 05, 2006 4:06 PM
To: Irene Hoehl
Cc: Rand Napoli
Subject: RE: fireworks

 

Governor Bush has received your e-mail and has asked me to respond on his behalf.

 

To better assist you, I am forwarding your concerns to the Division of the State Fire Marshal in the Department of State for review and response.  You should hear from someone in that office.

 

Thank you for writing and do not hesitate to write again on matters of concern or interest to you.

 

Sincerely,

 

Rex T. Newman

Citizens' Services

-----Original Message-----
From: Irene Hoehl [mailto:ihoehl@tampabay.rr.com]
Sent: Wednesday, July 05, 2006 4:56 PM
To: Governor Jeb Bush
Subject: fireworks

Dear Sir,

 

Perhaps you can tell me why there are so many fireworks stands around the state when I believe they are against the law.  I don't see how they can say they are sold to keep varmints away when they appear every July 4th and some other holidays.

 

Thank you,

Pat Kalman

From:	carole frank <beachbabeflorida@hotmail.com>
Sent:	Friday, July 7, 2006 11:23 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Carole Frank - many thanks!

Dear Governor Bush

I sent you an email on Wednesday retgarding my difficulty in obtaining my 
social security number. I'm gald to report that when I went to the office 
yesterday morning they said my case had been cleared and I received my 
social security number on the spot. Miracles do happen! Thank you for any 
work you may have don on my behalf.

With much gratitude.
Carole Frank

_________________________________________________________________
Express yourself instantly with MSN Messenger! Download today - it's FREE! 
http://messenger.msn.click-url.com/go/onm00200471ave/direct/01/

From:	Patrick O'Neill PhD <patrickoneillphd@cox.net>
Sent:	Friday, July 7, 2006 11:13 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Be Forwarned  !  (Another Immigration Scam)

Dear Governor Bush,
I was recently advise that Pavela (a/k/a Paula, a/k/a Pavla, a/k/a Pana, etc.) Hatniankova (a/k/a Hatnialnkova, etc.) (name before she married in CZ in 2005) will be returning to the USA from Czech Republic to work, once again,  at Louisiana Lagniappe, a restaurant in Destin FL.
Too, I am now informed that she is not a naturalized US citizen, but travels to the USA with her Diversity Visa, won by lottery in Czech Republic.
Regardless, she owes debt to may US businesses, banks, and Child Welfare agencies of the US government as the collection notices are sent via postal service to this residence address.
I will copy / paste to the DHS website, too.
Thanking you in advance for your immediate attention to this matter,
I remain...
Patrick W. O'Neill, PhD
From:	Tears Jr, Clarence <ctearsjr@sfwmd.gov>
Sent:	Friday, July 7, 2006 9:03 AM
To:	jose VArela
Cc:	Governor Jeb Bush; John Outland; jgcox@naplesnews.com; kara.kenney@nbc-2.com; ksaenz@wftx4.com; brian mchannon; barbara powell; donna fiala; frankhalas@colliergov.net; fredcoyle@colliergov.net; tom henning; jimcoletta@colliergov.net; jose; vanessa; leo; sean brown; webmaster@mail.arra-access.com; jsparks@legstrat.com; cfatvclub@aol.com; chris@southernknightsatv.com; customrubicon@yahoo.com; dennis atv; miamigirlrider@yahoo.com; carl; editor@naplesnews.com; four_wheelin4fun@yahoo.com; James Haven; Davis, Mike; Albert Menendez; Williams, John; Aditchdoc@aol.com; atvgirl@thedirtygirls.net; Banshee1987@eathlink.net; Blue@bluescycle.com; BMac240@hotmail.com; damon_m_lee@yahoo.com; dixieboy1479@hotmail.com; dustmudder69@netzero.net; gmc4x4countrygal@aol.com; gwest@onearrow.net; harufam@earthlink.com; jmnasdaqqqq@hotmail.com; Justin888@bellsouth.net; mdaybc@hotmail.com; mejasnanny@comcast.net; mjavy7@gmail.com; Muddywatersatv@yahoo.com; nalienprincess@aol.com; PATSSMS@aol.com; ramatv@msn.com; Redgrizzly660@aol.com; rypiii@netzero.com; sam_witch@yahoo.com; sawesero039@msn.com; selling_this_stuff@yahoo.com; support@fl-atv.com; toothfairy1214@netzero.net; wildboy_2002@yahoo.com; wswise1@cox.net; Dunnuck, John
Subject:	RE: 640 acre agreement

Rick,
 
The land that may be offered is State land, not District land. That is why this parcel was not offered before. The State is trying to support the District in their efforts to find a piece of land suitable for ORV use.  My intentions are not to delay the meeting, however, we need to ensure a suitable site is available.  Also, the  Division of Forestry will be an important participant in this process.
 
Sincerely,
 
Clarence
 
 


  _____  

From: jose VArela [mailto:lswjth2@yahoo.com] 
Sent: Thursday, July 06, 2006 8:13 PM
To: Tears Jr, Clarence
Cc: jeb bush; John Outland; jgcox@naplesnews.com; kara.kenney@nbc-2.com; ksaenz@wftx4.com; brian mchannon; barbara powell; donna fiala; frankhalas@colliergov.net; fredcoyle@colliergov.net; tom henning; jimcoletta@colliergov.net; jose; vanessa; leo; sean brown; webmaster@mail.arra-access.com; jsparks@legstrat.com; cfatvclub@aol.com; chris@southernknightsatv.com; customrubicon@yahoo.com; dennis atv; miamigirlrider@yahoo.com; carl; editor@naplesnews.com; four_wheelin4fun@yahoo.com; James Haven; mike davis; Albert Menendez; Williams, John; Aditchdoc@aol.com; atvgirl@thedirtygirls.net; Banshee1987@eathlink.net; Blue@bluescycle.com; BMac240@hotmail.com; damon_m_lee@yahoo.com; dixieboy1479@hotmail.com; dustmudder69@netzero.net; gmc4x4countrygal@aol.com; gwest@onearrow.net; harufam@earthlink.com; jmnasdaqqqq@hotmail.com; Justin888@bellsouth.net; mdaybc@hotmail.com; mejasnanny@comcast.net; mjavy7@gmail.com; Muddywatersatv@yahoo.com; nalienprincess@aol.com; PATSSMS@aol.com; ramatv@msn.com; Redgrizzly660@aol.com; rypiii@netzero.com; sam_witch@yahoo.com; sawesero039@msn.com; selling_this_stuff@yahoo.com; support@fl-atv.com; toothfairy1214@netzero.net; wildboy_2002@yahoo.com; wswise1@cox.net
Subject: 640 acre agreement


Hi Clarence,

I received an E-mail today from Brian Mchannon indicating that you want to meet 24 hrs before you go in front of the County commision. I honestly cannot see how this will meet the criteria set forth by the commission. How much input, direction, suggestions ,etc can happen when we will only have a couple of hours to view the proposal? 

Today is July 6th, you have until the 25th, that gives us 19 days left to meet. It should not be the day before, unfortunately these are the kinds of actions that keep fueling suspicion on the public's behalf. As a matter of fact, these meetings were supposed to have happened before the Picayune was closed to ORV use. I still have the copy of the video in where you state " the current use is not compatible" that has, as we are painfully aware of, turned into NO USE. 

The land that your are proposing has been there all along, why hasn't it not been offered before? The agreement was signed on October 2003, we are now in July 2006 and still waiting. The other issue is why wont you let us ride on the roads/trails in the Picayune until such a riding area is operational? How can it be that a 7000lb truck pulling a 20 ton earth mover be OK, but not a 600 LB atv? Again these are the things that unfortunately, along with approving the destruction of wetlands forever as reported in the Naples daily news, fuel continiuos mistrust between the public and SFWMD.

Please feel to give me a call anytime

Rick Varela

239-784-1328



  _____  

Want to be your own boss? Learn how on Yahoo! Small Business. 

From:	tacijg <tacijg@earthlink.net>
Sent:	Friday, July 7, 2006 9:53 AM
To:	Castille, Colleen; Governor Jeb Bush; Governor Jeb Bush; Mollie Palmer; Tony Gilroy; tmlee@usgs.gov; Mines
Subject:	Update on Pollution of our drinking water

To all Parties,

 

I recently sent you a letter of my concern over the safety of our drinking water.  The sinkhole in Jumper Creek created a swallet that drained that portion of the creek.  This is just feet away from Rinker’s Active Quarry 2.  

 

Yesterday I visited a very small portion of the old open dump site I referred to in my previous.  What I seen was very alarming (tires, rusting sealed drums, refrigerators, you name it, it was there. 

 

This has become an urgent situation as the old Center Hill dump is located adjacent to the creek and feet away from the East Quarry and just downstream from where the sinkhole occurred. The meat processing plant has also added to this emergency by routinely pumping effluence from the killing floor onto nearby property (against DEP regulations) which in wet periods finds its way to the ditch in front of their business and ultimately into Jumper Creek just a few yards away. The new expansion will be blasting some 800 feet from this business.

 

As you know the County Commissioners Meeting was held last night at 5:30 July 6, 2006.  They approved the expansion of the mine, despite all of the recent developments.   The damage that has already occurred can not be undone. Can anyone be sure that all the polluted material has not reached the aquifer already?  With the rains already starting it want be long until all this pollutants go down steam right into that swallet!  We need absolute assurance that this mining will not continue to damage our drinking water. 

 

Please investigate.

 

Sincerely,

Joy Guidry

352-793-4456

Fax 352-793-9092

email: tacijg@earthlink.net

 

 

 

From:	nwneff3@comcast.net
Sent:	Friday, July 7, 2006 9:41 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	[*] Fw: Navarre Beach Restoration Project Suspension

 
 

-------------- Forwarded Message: -------------- 
From: "Smart" <ftsmart@bellsouth.net> 
To: "Truman McCarter" <tmccarter@compuserve.com>, "Sandra Robinson" <aemortgage@aol.com>, "Ron Traylor" <rtraylor@traylorretirement.com>, "Robert Wiemann" <rwiemann@bellsouth.net>, "Robert Knast" <knasty2@frontiernet.net>, "Rick Holmquist" <rickbevh@Comcast.net>, "Patty Legendre" <plegendre1@bellsouth.net>, "Ola Mae Coleman" <OlaColeman@aol.com>, "Nancy Neff" <nwneff3@comcast.net>, "Melba Davis" <melbadavis1@bellsouth.net>, "Maria Granada" <ggra632798@aol.com>, "Linda Warnecke" <warnecke@bellsouth.net>, "Leo Cusimano" <cusimano1962@sbcglobal.net>, "Lee Sharp" <lt247@knology.net>, "Keith Davenport" <keithandsusanne@numail.org>, "Juana Rudzki" <fullmoon@starband.net>, "Joseph Manno" <jmanno1944@cs.com >, "Joe Carden" <card2010@comcast.net>, "Jim Bair" <jfbair3742@sbcglobal.net>, "Jill Christopher" <jillchristo@hotmail.com>, "James Baxter" <tbaxter@abphlaw.com>, "Iris Holloway" <iholloway@mcalistersdeli.com>, "Georgia Thomas" <multivi@aol.com>, "Fred Skrobot" <tmbepi@yahoo.com>, "Don Durkin" <durkinjac@aol.com>, "Dick Jorgensen" <rhjbjj@chartermi.net>, "Danny Lockwood" <jdlockwood@peoplepc.com>, "Clarence Tidwell" <c.tidwell@knology.net>, "Bobby Lockwood" <glock9797@aol.com>, "Bob Heberle" <bobheberle@visi.com>, "Bill Lazarus" <sanddaysbl@yahoo.com>, "Bill Cheevers" <weewill@zoomtown.com>, "Baxter" <au70tiger@aol.com>, "Alan Sheen" <fijigeorge@cox.net>, "Tom Algeo" <tom@algeo.com>, "Tom Algeo" <MAO417@aol.com>, "Greg Darling" <gadarling@comcast.net> 
Subject: Fw: Navarre Beach Restoration Project Suspension 
Date: Fri, 7 Jul 2006 02:05:11 +0000 

Let's help out our friends on Navarre Beach!
 
Freddy
----- Original Message ----- 
From: Jane Johnson 
To: Undisclosed-Recipient:; 
Sent: Thursday, July 06, 2006 10:01 PM
Subject: Fw: Navarre Beach Restoration Project Suspension

To the NBLRA:  
 
----- Original Message ----- 
From: Kenny Wilder 
To: 'Jane Johnson' 
Cc: 'Peter Ravella' 
Sent: Thursday, July 06, 2006 6:46 PM
Subject: Navarre Beach Restoration Project Suspension


PLEASE SEND YOUR E-MAIL TODAY!

 

I posted below my e-mail that was sent today to certain public officials to persuade them to allow the Navarre Beach Restoration Project to start up again. Please send your e-mail TODAY to the following public officials and let them know that you want the last 1,400 feet of the Navarre Beach Restoration Project to be completed now. Let’s Roll! 

 

Governor Jeb Bush

E-mail: jeb.bush@myflorida.com 

 

Office of the Chief of Engineers

E-mail: Daen-zc@hqda.army.mil 

 

Col. Robert Carpenter – Compliance/Jacksonville District – US Corps of Engineers

E-mail: Robert.M.Carpenter@saj02.usace.army.mil

 

Lawrence Evans- Director/Jacksonville District – US Corps of Engineers 

E-mail: Lawrence.C.Evans@saj02.usace.army.mil


  _____  


 

President George W. Bush

E-mail: president@whitehouse.gov 

 

US Senator Bill Nelson

*Web Mail: http://billnelson.senate.gov/contact/email.cfm 

 

US Senator Mel Martinez

*Web Mail: http://martinez.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?FuseAction=ContactInformation.ContactForm&CFID=8835419&CFTOKEN=44063593 

 

US Congressman Jeff Miller

*Web Mail: http://jeffmiller.house.gov/index.cfm?FuseAction=Contact.Home 

 

*In sending an e-mail to Senator Nelson, Senator Martinez and Congressman Miller you will have to go to the online links above and use web mail forms. 

 

 

My E-mail Sent Today to Public Officials 


  _____  


From: Kenny Wilder [mailto:kenny@navarrebeachphotos.com] 
Sent: Thursday, July 06, 2006 5:25 PM
To: 'president@whitehouse.gov'; 'jeb.bush@myflorida.com'; 'Daen-zc@hqda.army.mil'; 'Robert.M.Carpenter@saj02.usace.army.mil'; 'Lawrence.C.Evans@saj02.usace.army.mil'
Subject: Navarre Beach Restoration Project Suspension

 

Public Officials: 

 

I am requesting your assistance in persuading the US Army Corps of Engineers (COE) to permit the continued beach restoration of Navarre Beach.

 

The COE shut down the Navarre Beach Restoration Project until at least late October.  The sand dredging operation on Navarre Beach had been suspended because a juvenile loggerhead turtle was killed early Saturday morning, July 1st. The COE conducted a risk assessment of the project and its two dredges, the R.N. Weeks and B.E. Lindholm, earlier this week before halting the project. 

 

The dead turtle discovered Saturday was the third one killed by a dredge since Weeks Marine, the dredge contractor, started the Navarre Beach Restoration Project on March 17th. 

 

Coastal Technology, the beach restoration project consultant for Santa Rosa County, sent a letter of reconsideration to the COE as an appeal Wednesday, July 5th, of the COE’s suspension decision. It is my understanding that the appeal may be based on the following:

 

*	To Allow Weeks Marine to resume dredging until completion to fill in the remaining 1,400 feet of beach and extend the 14 foot high dune system the entire length of the project. Coastal Technology thinks the project could be completed in about 14 days. 

 

*	To complete the beach restoration project, because only 6 loggerhead turtles have been killed by dredging in 2006 in the entire Gulf of Mexico from Key West, FL to Brownsville, TX. The COE regulations in accordance with the National Marine Fisheries Service allows for 40 Loggerhead takes (kills) for the Gulf of Mexico. The allowed take of turtles in the Gulf of Mexico by hopper dredging operations (40 takes for Loggerheads, 20 takes for Kemps Ridleys) represents less than 1% of the total allowed takes for these species each year from all activities in the Gulf of Mexico. 

 

*	The COE is not following its own regulations that allow 40 Loggerhead turtle takes (kills) by dredging for the Gulf Coast where to date only 6 Loggerhead turtles have been killed by dredging for the fiscal year that ends September 30. The allowed take of turtles in the Gulf of Mexico by hopper dredging operations (40 takes for Loggerheads, 20 takes for Kemps Ridleys) represents less than 1% of the total allowed takes for these species each year from all activities in the Gulf of Mexico. The official information about the allowed turtle takes can be viewed on page 5 of the COE’s website by going to the following link:    

 

           http://el.erdc.usace.army.mil/tessp/pdfs/2005GulfBO.pdf 

 

*	In comparison, the shrimp industry is allowed to kill 3,948 Loggerhead turtles annually with their trawlers in the waters of the Gulf of Mexico. Yet our beach restoration has been stopped because of 3 turtles killed in a dredging operation that is well below the allowed limit. 

 

*	If the beach restoration suspension continues for a few more days Santa Rosa County may have no choice but to shut down the project. It is my understanding that if Weeks Marine has to come back later to resume dredging, the cost to start back up could exceed 1.5 million dollars. 

 

Why is the Corps shutting down the Navarre Project when we have not even reached the halfway point for allowed annual hopper dredge takes (kills) for Loggerhead or Kemps Ridley Turtles in the Gulf of Mexico, especially when there are only 3 months left in this Fiscal Year (September 31) and the project shutdown ordered by the Corps will cost the State, County and Leaseholders more than $1.5 million?  

 

I’m very sorry about the killing of 3 turtles at Navarre Beach, but leaving a 1,400 foot gap in the middle of our 3.6 mile beach during hurricane season could have disastrous results. This uncompleted 1,400 gap could cause major flooding to the east and west of the entire 3.6 miles of beach. Millions of dollars in property damage is likely if we are hit by a hurricane or tropical storm. 

 

I respectfully submit to you that the suspension is not warranted. Please help us at Navarre Beach so that dredging and beach restoration may resume.

 

Thank you,

 

Copy: I’m forwarding this e-mail via web mail to US Senator Mel Martinez, US Senator Bill Nelson and US Congressman Jeff Miller

 

 

Kenny Wilder

NavarreBeachPhotos.com

Navarre Beach, Florida

www.NavarreBeachPhotos.com 

 

 

 

 

 

 

From:	Hoch Brenda <Brenda.Hoch@HCAHealthcare.com>
Sent:	Friday, July 7, 2006 9:09 AM
To:	President@WhiteHouse.gov
Cc:	vice.president.@whitehouse.gov; mel_martinez@martinez.senate.gov; Governor Jeb Bush; Fasano, Mike; Crist, Victor
Subject:	Illegal Aliens, Amnesty and Social Security


President Bush 

We must protest another one of your dunder headed ideas to give illegal aliens amnesty in this county.  Hell0!!!!!!!!!!!!! What part of "ILLEGAL" don't you understand and maybe we can explain what it means to you - your advisors sure haven't.  They're called "illegal" for a reason.  Send them BACK and if they want to come back here, let the businesses sponsor them by providing housing, etc.  Don't give us that lame excuse that they do jobs that we don't want - that's just because they're "ILLEGAL" and can't get any other jobs.  Do you think MEXICO would give us the same consideration?

Also, they and the CUBANS, etc. SHOULD NOT BE ENTITLED TO ANY PART OF OUR SOCIAL SECURITY.  We've worked long and hard for that and it shouldn't be given away to just any.  It's bad enough that you and the legislature get pensions for the time you serve - you didn't work that hard for our money either and you don't really need it.  Go sell some oil wells.

As for the insurance situation in Florida, you and your brother Jeb need to do something about this situation before our property values go down because no one can afford to buy our houses because they can't afford the insurance!  What have the insurance companies been doing with our money from all the people they haven't had to pay claims for and all the years they haven't had to pay any major hurricane claims.  Sounds like poor money management to me and something that should definitely be investigated.  Except of course, neither of you Bushes will because you probably have the insurance industry paying your way also.  

We really can't wait for you to get out of office, you've ruined this country and we've also voting out your counterparts in the Senate, etc.

Lastly, we're tired of having everything in the stores written in Spanish and English.  THIS IS AMERICA - not little Havana - get rid of it and make them learn to speak English.

Don and Brenda Hoch 
12225 Litewood Dr 
Hudson FL  34669 
(727) 869-8740 

From:	Tears Jr, Clarence <ctearsjr@sfwmd.gov>
Sent:	Friday, July 7, 2006 9:03 AM
To:	jose VArela
Cc:	Governor Jeb Bush; John Outland; jgcox@naplesnews.com; kara.kenney@nbc-2.com; ksaenz@wftx4.com; brian mchannon; barbara powell; donna fiala; frankhalas@colliergov.net; fredcoyle@colliergov.net; tom henning; jimcoletta@colliergov.net; jose; vanessa; leo; sean brown; webmaster@mail.arra-access.com; jsparks@legstrat.com; cfatvclub@aol.com; chris@southernknightsatv.com; customrubicon@yahoo.com; dennis atv; miamigirlrider@yahoo.com; carl; editor@naplesnews.com; four_wheelin4fun@yahoo.com; James Haven; Davis, Mike; Albert Menendez; Williams, John; Aditchdoc@aol.com; atvgirl@thedirtygirls.net; Banshee1987@eathlink.net; Blue@bluescycle.com; BMac240@hotmail.com; damon_m_lee@yahoo.com; dixieboy1479@hotmail.com; dustmudder69@netzero.net; gmc4x4countrygal@aol.com; gwest@onearrow.net; harufam@earthlink.com; jmnasdaqqqq@hotmail.com; Justin888@bellsouth.net; mdaybc@hotmail.com; mejasnanny@comcast.net; mjavy7@gmail.com; Muddywatersatv@yahoo.com; nalienprincess@aol.com; PATSSMS@aol.com; ramatv@msn.com; Redgrizzly660@aol.com; rypiii@netzero.com; sam_witch@yahoo.com; sawesero039@msn.com; selling_this_stuff@yahoo.com; support@fl-atv.com; toothfairy1214@netzero.net; wildboy_2002@yahoo.com; wswise1@cox.net; Dunnuck, John
Subject:	RE: 640 acre agreement

Rick,
 
The land that may be offered is State land, not District land. That is why this parcel was not offered before. The State is trying to support the District in their efforts to find a piece of land suitable for ORV use.  My intentions are not to delay the meeting, however, we need to ensure a suitable site is available.  Also, the  Division of Forestry will be an important participant in this process.
 
Sincerely,
 
Clarence
 
 


  _____  

From: jose VArela [mailto:lswjth2@yahoo.com] 
Sent: Thursday, July 06, 2006 8:13 PM
To: Tears Jr, Clarence
Cc: jeb bush; John Outland; jgcox@naplesnews.com; kara.kenney@nbc-2.com; ksaenz@wftx4.com; brian mchannon; barbara powell; donna fiala; frankhalas@colliergov.net; fredcoyle@colliergov.net; tom henning; jimcoletta@colliergov.net; jose; vanessa; leo; sean brown; webmaster@mail.arra-access.com; jsparks@legstrat.com; cfatvclub@aol.com; chris@southernknightsatv.com; customrubicon@yahoo.com; dennis atv; miamigirlrider@yahoo.com; carl; editor@naplesnews.com; four_wheelin4fun@yahoo.com; James Haven; mike davis; Albert Menendez; Williams, John; Aditchdoc@aol.com; atvgirl@thedirtygirls.net; Banshee1987@eathlink.net; Blue@bluescycle.com; BMac240@hotmail.com; damon_m_lee@yahoo.com; dixieboy1479@hotmail.com; dustmudder69@netzero.net; gmc4x4countrygal@aol.com; gwest@onearrow.net; harufam@earthlink.com; jmnasdaqqqq@hotmail.com; Justin888@bellsouth.net; mdaybc@hotmail.com; mejasnanny@comcast.net; mjavy7@gmail.com; Muddywatersatv@yahoo.com; nalienprincess@aol.com; PATSSMS@aol.com; ramatv@msn.com; Redgrizzly660@aol.com; rypiii@netzero.com; sam_witch@yahoo.com; sawesero039@msn.com; selling_this_stuff@yahoo.com; support@fl-atv.com; toothfairy1214@netzero.net; wildboy_2002@yahoo.com; wswise1@cox.net
Subject: 640 acre agreement


Hi Clarence,

I received an E-mail today from Brian Mchannon indicating that you want to meet 24 hrs before you go in front of the County commision. I honestly cannot see how this will meet the criteria set forth by the commission. How much input, direction, suggestions ,etc can happen when we will only have a couple of hours to view the proposal? 

Today is July 6th, you have until the 25th, that gives us 19 days left to meet. It should not be the day before, unfortunately these are the kinds of actions that keep fueling suspicion on the public's behalf. As a matter of fact, these meetings were supposed to have happened before the Picayune was closed to ORV use. I still have the copy of the video in where you state " the current use is not compatible" that has, as we are painfully aware of, turned into NO USE. 

The land that your are proposing has been there all along, why hasn't it not been offered before? The agreement was signed on October 2003, we are now in July 2006 and still waiting. The other issue is why wont you let us ride on the roads/trails in the Picayune until such a riding area is operational? How can it be that a 7000lb truck pulling a 20 ton earth mover be OK, but not a 600 LB atv? Again these are the things that unfortunately, along with approving the destruction of wetlands forever as reported in the Naples daily news, fuel continiuos mistrust between the public and SFWMD.

Please feel to give me a call anytime

Rick Varela

239-784-1328



  _____  

Want to be your own boss? Learn how on Yahoo! Small Business. 

From:	Adam/Skylar <vcecty@hotmail.com>
Sent:	Friday, July 7, 2006 8:48 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	the use of taisers

the use of them are crazy when the cops use them on a person whom is doing what they are asked to do, and then have 3 used on them at 1 time is really reaching for the cops and they think they have the right to taze someone in the croch is going over the line. this was done to my brother in law 2 days ago clearwater police even dislocated his arm in the prosess, my brother in law is no saint he will admit that him self but he was doing as they asked then they tased him the first time they as he was cringing in pain on the ground they did it again and accused him of resisting then tased him a 3rd time ,all over a blowen plate light they say , the car he was driving had tinted windows and it was at night they claim he was tring to get rid of drugs by eating. with tinted windows in the dark i dont feel they seen anything but the red glow of his black and mild cigar  mabe someone from outside the pd should look at the video from the dash cam of three cop cars and see what happend and get rid of those tasers one day they are going to kill a person who is just standing there with a heart problem what then they going to tell the family their loved one died and it was an accadent 
From:	Lt. Governor Toni Jennings
Sent:	Friday, July 7, 2006 8:46 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	FW: Breast Cancer

 
-----Original Message-----
From: Joyce Nolin [mailto:joycenolin@yahoo.com]
Sent: Wednesday, July 05, 2006 9:44 PM
To: Elaine Fedrick; Norma Jean Goode; LaRene; Kay Maloch
Subject: Breast Cancer


Mastectomy Bill in Congress.   Please pass this on!
 
If you know anyone who has had a mastectomy, you may know that there is a lot of discomfort and pain afterwards. Insurance companies are trying to make mastectomies an outpatient procedure. Let's give women the chance to recover properly in the hospital for 2 days after surgery.
 
It takes 2 seconds to do this and is very important...please take the time and do it really quick!
 
Breast Cancer Hospitalization Bill - Important legislation for all women.
 
Please send this to everyone in your address book. If there was ever a time when our voices and choices should be heard, this is one of those times. If you're receiving this, it's because I think you will take the 30 seconds to go to vote on this issue and send it on to others you know who will do the same.
 
There's a bill called the Breast Cancer Patient Protection Act which will require insurance companies to cover a minimum 48-hour hospital stay for patients undergoing a mastectomy. It's about eliminating the "drive-through mastectomy" where women are forced to go home just a few hours after surgery, against the wishes of their doctor, still groggy from anesthesia and sometimes with drainage tubes still attached.
 
Lifetime Television has put this bill on their web page with a petition
drive to show your support. Last year over half the House signed on.
 
PLEASE!! Sign the petition by clicking on the web site below. You need not give more than your name and zip code number.
 
http://www.lifetimetv.com/health/breast_mastectomy_pledge.html 
 
http://www.lifetimetv.com/health/breast_mastectomy_pledge.html
 
This takes about 2 seconds. PLEASE PASS THIS ON to your friends and family, and on behalf of all women, THANKS
 
 

  _____  

Yahoo! Music Unlimited - Access over 1 million songs. Try it free. 
From:	Yayasistergail@aol.com
Sent:	Friday, July 7, 2006 8:41 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Re: hurricane building supplies from Wilma

thank you for your concern and reply, I will remember that the next election.  The local government can not resolve this matter and we can not get rid of our hurricane building materials, his concern is overwhelming.
From:	AZEELE2409@aol.com
Sent:	Friday, July 7, 2006 8:37 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Fwd: Emergency Room overcrowding
Attachments:	Emergency Room overcrowding

Dear Govenor Bush, Attached you will find an earlier e-mail.I thought the latest 2005 Florida HMO earnings data from the Tampa Tribune from friday July 7 may be helpful.
             Aetna: $148 M
             Health Options:$130.9M
             Humana $102.2 M
             United $73.4M
             Vista $56M
                                                                       Sincerely,
                                                                       Kent R. Corral,M.D.
   
           
From:	Baumgardner, Jeanine <Jeanine.Baumgardner@NCMC.com>
Sent:	Friday, July 7, 2006 8:34 AM
To:	Sharon McEachern
Cc:	Francine Douglas; mhenry@Policy-Studies.com; Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	RE: Hello - Ms Eachern...

Ms.McEachern - the last email stated I am to receive a payment in July.  I don't think it serves anyone's interests to continue to let him send a check AFTER he is threatened with license suspension.  This is getting to be more like a cat and mouse game
 
I would like a definitive answer today with regard to how they are going to proceed and not him just pay whenever he feels like it.  If I had that luxury..I am sure many warrants, etc.. would be issued...
 
Jeanine Murphy
 
Jeanine Murphy-Baumgardner 
Production Support Team 
AccuBanc Mortgage® 
_______________________ 
A division of National City® Bank of Indiana 
7125 Thomas Edison Drive, Suite 100 
Columbia, MD 21046-2208 
Direct:        (410) 312-4507 
Toll Free    (800) 313-4008 x 4507 
Fax:             (410) 312-4092 
Email:         jeanine.baumgardner@ncmc.com 



  _____  

From: Sharon McEachern [mailto:SMcEachern@Policy-Studies.com] 
Sent: Friday, July 07, 2006 8:18 AM
To: Baumgardner, Jeanine
Subject: RE: Hello - Ms Eachern...


Good Morning, No payments have been received. I have contacted Florida for a status.If I dont' receive a call soon I will try to reach a supervisor.

-----Original Message-----
From: Baumgardner, Jeanine [mailto:Jeanine.Baumgardner@NCMC.com]
Sent: Thursday, July 06, 2006 12:00 PM
To: Sharon McEachern
Subject: Hello - Ms Eachern...



Hope your holiday was great!   I am writing since it is after July 1st and checking status (no pun intended:-) 

Thank you! 

Jeanine Murphy-Baumgardner 
Production Support Team 
AccuBanc Mortgage® 
_______________________ 
A division of National City® Bank of Indiana 
7125 Thomas Edison Drive, Suite 100 
Columbia, MD 21046-2208 
Direct:        (410) 312-4507 
Toll Free    (800) 313-4008 x 4507 
Fax:             (410) 312-4092 
Email:         jeanine.baumgardner@ncmc.com 


-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
***The following annotations have been made
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Please be aware that e-mail is NOT a secured communication vehicle, and that others may in certain circumstances be able to view its contents. As a result, while we are happy to provide this information by e-mail, we do NOT conduct actual business transactions by e-mail. Please contact the sender directly if you have any concerns about this message. All loans subject to credit approval and property appraisal. Equal Housing Lender. This communication is a confidential and proprietary business communication. It is intended solely for the use of the designated recipient(s). If this communication is received in error, please contact the sender and delete this communication. ============================================================================== 




From:	Zac Auger <auger@performanceweb.org>
Sent:	Friday, July 7, 2006 8:19 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Case management week

Good morning,

As you are well aware, workforce development and other social service
agencies nationwide are under increasing pressure to deliver higher
standards of customer service, manage their ever-increasing caseloads more
efficiently and provide programs and services that promote an expedited
route to self-sufficiency.

I welcome you to attend the 2006 Social Services Case Management Week this
September in Arlington, VA.  Join case management thought leaders and your
peers from around the nation.  Improve the cost-effectiveness and quality
of your services by attending the three courses:

Course 1: Case Management for Results
Course 2:  Survival Skills for Case Managers
Course 3:  Measuring and Reporting Outcomes for Case Management

May I send you the full agenda for the week?

All the best,
Zac


Zac Auger
Associate Director
Center for Social and Health Policy
The Performance Institute
Phone: (703) 894-0481
Fax: (703) 894-0482
Auger@Performanceweb.org
www.performanceweb.org/casemanagement






















If you wish to be taken off the list from all our future advisories, click
here to be taken off list http://www.performanceweb.org/sales/dnc/ 

You can also reply back to this email with "take off list" in the subject
line and you will not receive e-mail information for ANY Performance
Institute advisories. If you have multiple email addresses, please list
those in the body of your email so that we can be sure you do not get any
of our future advisories. 

From:	holmesrip2@aol.com
Sent:	Friday, July 7, 2006 8:01 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush; Hanley, Mary C. (Bunny); Rodriguez, Jose Luis
Cc:	donslesnick@citybeautiful.net; manderson@coralgables.com; rcabrera@coralgables.com; wkerdyk@coralgables.com; wwithers@coralgables.com; dbrown@coralgables.com
Subject:	Coral Gables Commission making unwise decision on downtown Parking Garage # 5.

Dear Governor Bush:
 
As you may know, my family has owned property on Miracle Mile in Coral Gables since 1937, longer than, to my knowledge, any other property owner on Miracle Mile.  My grandfather, Roy "Rip" VanDevere, knew Coral Gables founder George Merrick, who facilitated my grandparents purchase of one of the best available parcels in Miracle Mile's four blocks.
 
Upon learning, in 1998, that my mother had deceived me as to the value and income of my 1958 Trust inheritance--among many other colossal things she deceived me about--and had harmfully absented both her and I from involvement in Miracle Mile's important life and progress, from 1977 through 1998, I returned to South Florida, the place of my birth, after a 15-year absence.  
 
Before and after my 1998 return to Coral Gables, I consulted with the best retail experts I could find, primarily 
1.    The Konover Group of Connecticut (#30 in retail nationwide), 
2.    The Taubman Group (#12 in retail nationwide), and 
3.    The Simon-DeBartolo Group (#1 in retail nationwide).  
They all advised me that:
 
1.    The formula for retail success, ever since 1960, is either enclosed malls, or outdoor, urban street, malls, anchored on each end by department stores.  Without the department stores, they said, no retail destination has the 'gravitas', the retail product magnet, the anchor, to compete in the retail market place. 
 
2.    If Miracle Mile were ever to have a chance to reclaim its pre-1960, pre-Dadeland, Number One position in the retail marketplace south of Miami, I must spend as many years as necessary bringing two department stores to Miracle Mile.  (Rodeo Drive in Beverly Hills is a downtown street--just as Miracle Mile is a downtown street--able to compete with enclosed, private, malls, because it is anchored by Neiman Marcus department store, Saks Fifth Avenue department store, and Barney's department store).
 
3.    The only two sites large enough to accommodate a department store in the Miracle Mile area are City Parking Garages on Andalusia Avenue in the zero block (Andalusia and Douglas Road), and in the 300 block (Andalusia and LeJeune, across from Publix).
 
4.    If either of these garages are leased for long-term for other purposes, that will cripple Miracle Mile's ability, and even hope, of truly competing in the retail marketplace, by 50%, or 100%.
 
None other than Former Assistant Secretary of the U.S. Treasury, Coral Gables resident Tony Villamil, has affirmed, in his videotaped presentation to the Coral Gables Charrette, in 2002, that use of a redeveloped downtown parking garage for purposes which do not anchor and protect Miracle Mile retail will seriously erode the City's tax base.  Videotape available in City's records department.
 
Nonetheless, at a time when Coral Gables' Unions have repeatedly declared impasses over COLA's and other issues, even supporting/instituting legal proceedings over economic bungling by the City government, the Coral Gables City Commission is poised to approve committing to redevelop Parking Garage # 5--essential to Miracle Mile's retail future, and therefore the City's tax base, per its Finance Director Don Nelson, as one of only two possible sites large enough to accommodate a department store--for use as an elderly living facility.
 
I submit to you that the City Commission's plan to use invaluable downtown Parking Garage # 5 as an elderly living facility is an extremely, and in fact devastatingly, harmful decision for Coral Gables' future, permanently crippling, by 50%, Miracle Mile's retail future, and thereby permanently crippling a major part of the City's tax base, for the duration of the proposed elderly living facility lease--99 years.
 
*******
I have proposed that the proposed redevelopment can be amended to include a ground floor department store.  Mayor Slesnick says that this would require a height for the overall building which is unwanted by residents of the City of Coral Gables.
 
I have explained, countless times, that I, having been born and raised in Coral Gables, and having been elected Coral Gables Senior High Vice President in a student body of 3600, share concerns about height of buildings, and it is for that very exact reason that we must include a department store at Parking Garage # 5.  If the City now permanently cripples Miracle Mile retail by 50%, not to mention its own tax base by a major staggering amount, for the next 99 years, that will leave Miracle Mile property owners only three choices:
 
1)    Continue to push for development of a department store on the one remaining site,
 
2)    Build upward, strictly as a consequence of the City Commission's planned action eviscerating Miracle Mile retail for the next 99 years, and/or
 
3)    Succombing to the fate of many other retail destinations, notably including downtown Miami's Omni Mall, which closed its doors, and is now American International University.  (Given the sacred importance of Garage # 5 to Miracle Mile retail, and given the planned senior living facility is virtually a nursing home, one might be tempted to point out that, if it is appropriate to bring a nursing home to Miracle Mile, the same argument could be made for bringing a cemetary to Miracle Mile.)  That, in turn, would immeasurably, and permanently, harm the City's tax base.
 
I submit to you, Governor Bush, that, at a time when Coral Gables' Police, Fire, and Municipal Unions, are protesting in every way they can, that the City Commission is making the wrong economic decisions, the proposed 99-year lease of Parking Garage # 5, for an elderly living facility, and refusing to incorporate into it a ground floor department store, is incompetent, and very harmful, action by the City Commission.
 
I look forward to your imminent return to the City of Coral Gables, Governor Bush, presumably returning to your previous work with Codina, Bush, Klein.
 
Sincerely,
 

Jackson Rip Holmes

Owner, 256 Miracle Mile

Coral Gables, Florida  33134

J.D., University of Florida Law School

Keyes Real Estate, commercial agent

3720 Collins Avenue, #410

Miami Beach, Florida  33140

Phone:  305-338-5000

Fax:  305-695-2920

E-Mail:  Holmesrip2@aol.com

From:	kennynabb6 <kennynabb6@win.net>
Sent:	Friday, July 7, 2006 7:16 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Renewable energy, air and water quaility
Attachments:	Letter for cover to repa.state goverment,and privet co..doc

Hello Sir and Madam. 
 
I have sent you a information packet today of something that I am sure you will find interesting. Its labled thermal wind power The renewable power source ! But don't let the titile fool you its a complete power utility plant and water utility in one structure. Its innovative way of thinking of thermal wind and solar heat and natural wind updrafts in one, and its not like the blade type wind turbines that come to mind when the word wind is spoken.
 
Thanks for your time
kenny Magers
From:	david@deafwhale.com
Sent:	Friday, July 7, 2006 5:27 AM
To:	Kathleen Phillips   SHADOWSIS@aol.com
Cc:	emilio_maicas@dcf.state.fl.us; Lovelacej@elderaffairs.org; Governor Jeb Bush; Hadi, Lucy
Subject:	[*] RE: Monte Sells

Dear Kathleen Phillips;

Thanks, I'll call mother.

Mom is sane and does not need a guardian and EVERYONE knows it. whatever
has happened to her now is the fault of Jean Costa and Florida Department
of Children and Families.

We have put up a basic website revealing the entire nightmare
( www.deafwhale.com/freemom/index.htm ) and we are now writing letters to
newspapers and TV reporters and to anyone else that will listen. Our goal
now is to get a south Florida newspaper with a large circulation to help
free Montie Sells before Florida Department of Children and Families kills
her by holding her prisioner. We have a couple of freelance writers
interested and are now waiting to hear how the editors want mom's story
presented. We are also trying to interest a TV station to do an on camera
interview with mother.

We have other plans but cannotreveal them now for fear the Florida might
try to stop us.

Kathleen, these people are malicious folks and up to no good. We need to
expose them to the bright sunshine and not let this happen to another old
person in Florida.

Mother is depressed about what is happening to her and has been warned
many time not to answer any questions or sign any papers from anyone.
Naturally she would not tell you anything and beg that I call her. That is
her instruction. If she confused at all, it is over how to treat the
question posed to her.

I note below in a previous email where you say, "x x x we may be able to
get everything dismissed and the family can come and get her."

Kathleen, this is exactly what we want. All the court proceedings against
my mother were illegal from the start since the law requires notification
of the family members before any hearing. Jean Costa knew Montie Sells had
a concerned granddaughter. She admitted that she argued with Susan several
days before drugging mother and running her into court. In other words,
Jean Costa violated legal procedure by not serving a copy of her petition
on Susan Bly. Thus, the court proceedings SHOULD never have went forward
and SHOULD now be dismissed and the family SHOULD be allowed to pick up
mother from the detention center.

As far as the guardian issue, the family is caught in catch-22. We know
mom does not need anyone to make her decisions so we cannot be a party to
appointing a guardian just to get her free from captivity since this would
mean that Jean Costa was right about mother's sanity. We want the court to
release mother based on the grounds that the family was not properly
served and/or that mother is capable of taking care of herself. We will
then take her out of the reaches of Florida forever.

If she is hurt by the shit she is being put through, then I will devote
the rest of my life to making sure Jean Costa and Jack Moss and Jeb Bush
and Lucy Hadi pay severely for killing my mother. This is not a
threat---it is a goddamned promise!

Suzy cannot come to Florida and hang around for four or five days while
Jean Costa and Jack Moss play games about whether they intend to release
mother or not. Her company is trimming back employees left and right and
any poor performance by her at work over this incident might result in her
losing a 20-year job. Her boss has already warned her. There's been enough
damage already done to the family--causing Suzy to loss her job would be
an even greater tragedy.

Now it looks like I must, at great expense to myself, come to Florida to
secure the release of our mother. I never in my live believed that I WOULD
BE FIGHTING THE STATE OF FLORIDA TO RESCUE MY POOR 90 YEAR OLD MOTHER FROM
WHAT LOOKS LIKE A CERTAIN DEATH!

My mother has refused to signed the SS checks and we have instigated and
Medicare Fraud investigation. We are banking right now that TV and
newspaper publicity is the fastest way to secure mom's release.

My mother will never survive the captivity while Jean Costa and Jack Moss
screw around in Court. If she is not realeased in a few weeks I am sure
she will be dead and the cause of her death will be the malicious crooks
working for Florida Department of Children and Families.


Again thanks,

David Williams
Box 319, Dumaguete City
6200 Negros Oriental
Philippines



Kathleen Phillips wrote:
> Dear Mr.. Williams,
>
> Regina Clarke from my office visited your mother today at Lakeview
> Retirement Residence.  The home seems to be providing appropriate care
> and is willing to accept your mothers social security in return.  Regina
> has reported that she found that your mother continues to suffer from
> short term memory loss. She seems confused and unable at this time to
> make any decisions.  Her only desire right now is to speak to you.  She
> is asking that we get a message to you, to please call her at Lakeview
> 954-714-0064.
>
> I realize that this is a difficult situation with family not living in
> Florida.  Unfortunately, without the estate planning documents i.e.:
> living will, health care surrogate and durable power of attorney The
> Department of Children and Families has no choice but to require that a
> petition be filed with the Broward County Court to determine incapacity.
>
>
> Any family member can file the petition with the help of a Florida
> Attorney. If the family is unable at this time to file the petition,
> South Florida Guardianship can file the petition to determine
> incapacity.  In about 8 weeks there will be an incapacity hearing and
> the family can step forward and petition for the appointment of
> guardian.
>
> Regina will call Suzanne Bly to review the situation with her.  I am
> sorry, I wish I had better news.
>
> Sincerely,
> Kathleen Phillips
>
>
>
> ________________________________
>
> From: David Williams [mailto:david@deafwhale.com]
> Sent: Thursday, June 29, 2006 8:38 PM
> To: Kathleen Phillips
> Cc: Suzy Bly (TYCS); SHADOWSIS@aol.com
> Subject: Re: Monte Sells
>
>
> Dear Kathleen Phillips,
>
> How do you suggest we go about getting our mother released from
> captivity?
>
> David Williams
> Box 319, Dumaguete City
> 6200 Negros Oriental
> Philippines
> david@deafwhale.com
>
> 	----- Original Message -----
> 	From: Kathleen Phillips <mailto:Kathleen@guardianships.org>
> 	To: david@deafwhale.com
> 	Sent: Friday, June 30, 2006 6:05 AM
> 	Subject: Monte Sells
>
> 	Dear Mr.. Williams:
>
> 	South Florida Guardianship Program (SFGP) was appointed by the
> Court to assist The Dept of Children and Families with your mother's
> case. SFGP is a private not for profit organization that is appointed by
> the court to act as guardian for members of the community that do not
> have family members that are able to act.
>
> 	I attended a status hearing yesterday and requested that a
> second status hearing be set in 30 days so that I could have the
> opportunity to contact family members.
>
> 	I understand that your mother is currently living at Lakeview
> Assisted Living 2304 N.W. 52nd Ct. , Fl. Laud. 33309.
>
> 	A member of my staff has visited your mother at Lakeview and
> also spoke with Suzanne Bly.  I am told that Suzanne is interested in
> taking responsibility for her grandmother. I will be contacting Suzanne.
>
> 	Unfortunately at this time it is believed that your mother is
> unable to travel on her own or make decisions concerning her situation.
> Maybe with time this may change but for now, she requires supervision. I
> am writing today to notify you of your mothers next hearing, August 2nd,
> 2006 at 1:30 pm at the Broward County Court House.
>
> 	The Dept of Children is requesting that a petition be filed to
> determine incapacity and that a guardian be appointed for your mothers
> protection. We realize that this is a very serious situation and know
> that it is very difficult when the family is not local. I believe that
> SFGP can assist you and your family to ensure that your mother is
> protected. At this time SFGP has only agreed to contact family and
> encourage family involvement.
>
> 	Please respond at your earliest convenience.
>
> 	Sincerely,
> 	Kathleen Phillips
> 	South Florida Guardianship Program, Inc.
> 	954-572-8305
> 	P.O. Box 130130 Sta 262
> 	Sunrise, FL  33313
>
>
>
>


From:	Digital Satellite Connections <jas6723@earthlink.net>
Sent:	Friday, July 7, 2006 3:29 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Rage in Gainesville Florida

I was out with a friend last night and having a good time.  It was time to leave and every one started to head out.  As usual we congragate outside for a few minutes before going home and socialize and plan the next event.  Well the conversation was over and every one was starting to head home.  My friend and I started to walk to the car and in the Distance about 8 to 10 black people pulled a guy from the group and threw him down.  They countinue to hit him hunching over with left and right fists and then started kicking him while  down on the ground.  It was Matthew Shepard's "A cry for help"  being beaten all over agian.  My friend and I went over towards the crowd and they ran away, a cop shortly showed up and the Guy was bearly able to get up off the ground.  The cop asked us to leave, did not take a statment or ask for help finding the suspects, hopefully this is not the end and something will be done.   
 

Sign up for Pride and help the people
http://www.pridecommunitycenter.org/memberfm.html
 
go to this link and print the form and send it in.
 
 
From:	j walker <jwalker56@bellsouth.net>
Sent:	Friday, July 7, 2006 1:23 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush

This sure puts "an 8th grade education" into perspective.  I could pass them all except the math, I believe, but probably not with grades I'd want to have published.  Looks like they didn't spend nearly as much time as we do on things like self-esteem, sex education, values clarification, drug awareness, multiculturalism, sensitivity training, etc.  




1895 Final Exam--8th Grade



  

Remember when our grandparents, great-grandparents, and such stated that they only had an 8th grade education? 
Well, check this out. 
 
This is the eighth-grade final exam from 1895 in Salina, KS, USA. It was taken from the original document on file at the Smokey Valley Genealogical Society and Library in Salina, KS, and reprinted by the Salina Journal. 

8th GRADE FINAL EXAM 

Grammar (Time, one hour)

1. Give nine rules for the use of Capital Letters. 
2. Name the Parts of Speech and define those that have no Modifications. 
3. Define Verse, Stanza and Paragraph. 
4. What are the Principal Parts of a verb. Give Principal Parts of lie, lay and run. 
5. Define Case, Illustrate each Case. 
6. What is Punctuation? Give rules for principal marks of Punctuation. 
7. Write a composition of about 150 words and show therein that you understand the practical use of the rules of grammar.

Arithmetic (Time, 1.25 hours)

1. Name and define the Fundamental Rules of Arithmetic. 
2. A wagon box is 2 ft deep, 10 feet long, and 3 ft. wide. How many bushels of wheat will it hold? 
3. If a load of wheat weighs 3942 lbs., what is it worth at 50cts/bushel, deducting 1050lbs. for tare? 
4. District No. 33 has a valuation of $35,000. What is the necessary levy to carry on a school seven months at $50 per month, and have $104 for incidentals? 
5. Find cost of 6720 lbs. coal at $6.00 per ton. 
6. Find the interest of $512.60 for 8 months and 18 days at 7 percent. 
7. What is the cost of 40 boards 12 inches wide and 16 ft. long at $20 per meter? 
8. Find bank discount on $300 for 90 days (no grace) at 10 percent. 
9. What is the cost of a square farm at $15 per acre, the distance around which is 640 rods? 
10. Write a Bank Check, a Promissory Note, and a Receipt.

U. S. History (Time, 45 minutes)

1. Give the epochs into which U. S. History is divided. 
2. Give an account of the discovery of America by Columbus. 
3. Relate the causes and results of the Revolutionary War. 
4. Show the territorial growth of the United States. 
5. Tell what you can of the history of Kansas. 
6. Describe three of the most prominent battles of the Rebellion. 
7. Who were the following: Morse, Whitney, Fulton, Bell, Lincoln, Penn, and Howe? 
8. Name events connected with the following dates: 1607, 1620, 1800, 1849, 1865.

Orthography (Time, one hour) 

1. What is meant by the following: Alphabet, phonetic, orthography, etymology, syllabication? 
2. What are elementary sounds? How classified? 
3. What are the following, and give examples of each: Trigraph, sub vocals, diphthong, cognate letters, linguals? 
4. Give four substitutes for caret 'u'. 
5. Give two rules for spelling words with final 'e.' Name two exceptions under each rule. 
6. Give two uses of silent letters in spelling. Illustrate each. 
7. Define the following prefixes and use in connection with a word: bi, dis, mis, pre, semi, post, non, inter, mono, sup.
8. Mark diacritically and divide into syllables the following, and name the sign that indicates the sound: card, ball, mercy, sir, odd, cell, rise, blood, fare, last. 
9. Use the following correctly in sentences: cite, site, sight, fane, fain, feign, vane, vain, vein, raze, raise, rays. 
10. Write 10 words frequently mispronounced and indicate pronunciation by use of diacritical marks and by syllabication. 

Geography (Time, one hour) 

1. What is climate? Upon what does climate depend? 
2. How do you account for the extremes of climate in Kansas? 
3. Of what use are rivers? Of what use is the ocean? 
4. Describe the mountains of North America. 
5. Name and describe the following: Monrovia, Odessa, Denver, Manitoba, Hecla, Yukon, St. Helena, Juan Fernandez, Aspinwall & Orinoco. 
6. Name and locate the principal trade centers of the U.S. 
7. Name all the republic s of Europe and give the capital of each. 
8. Why is the Atlantic Coast colder than the Pacific in the same latitude? 
9. Describe the process by which the water of the ocean returns to the sources of rivers. 
10. Describe the movements of the earth. Give the inclination of the earth. 

Also notice that the exam took five hours to complete. 

Gives the saying "she/he only had an 8th grade education" a whole new meaning, doesn't it?

What happened to us??? It is kind of humbling, isn't it?















  _____  




No virus found in this incoming message.
Checked by AVG Free Edition.
Version: 7.1.394 / Virus Database: 268.9.8/380 - Release Date: 6/30/2006



  _____  




No virus found in this outgoing message.
Checked by AVG Free Edition.
Version: 7.1.394 / Virus Database: 268.9.8/380 - Release Date: 6/30/2006



  _____  




Internal Virus Database is out-of-date.
Checked by AVG Free Edition.
Version: 7.1.394 / Virus Database: 268.8.4/363 - Release Date: 6/13/2006



From:	WHTKNIGNT@comcast.net
Sent:	Thursday, July 6, 2006 11:53 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	[*] Give us J.M. EVANS

Jenne was a political appointee...He didn't work out!!!
 
Give us J.M. EVANS, he is not a politician and he's what we want.

We all knew when Jenne was appointed that this was going to happen. Remember a cops best tool is his ability to read a person for what they are. We knew Jenne had no honor.

 J.M. EVANS on the other hand is a man of honor. Don't make the same mistake that was made when Jenne was sent to us. Give us a Sheriff we can all be proud of....Give us J.M. EVANS.....Please.!!!

From:	WHTKNIGNT@comcast.net
Sent:	Thursday, July 6, 2006 11:49 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	[*] Jenne must go.

Jenne's $20,000 loan was either :
 
(A)  A payoff of some kind.         or
(B)   An attempted theft of $20,000.  Until it got too hot to keep it.
 
Which type of crime is OK with you?
*************************************************************
We deserve better than Ken the crook. Give us J.M. EVANS, an honest man/Sheriff.
From:	beth <johnna89@tampabay.rr.com>
Sent:	Thursday, July 6, 2006 11:19 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	ins

why are you letting the residents of Florida down. I mean letting the home ins go as hi as it is. why do the ins co. say they don't have money.were is all the money we are paying? not every one is going to put up with the price gouging. a lot of people will just leave if it gets any higher. thanks for your time. Bruce Belfield
From:	Eric Baumgarten <eric_baum@hotmail.com>
Sent:	Thursday, July 6, 2006 11:01 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	[*] Government Payroll Costs

Learning from the New Jersey state government, I recommend a new work schedule that includes numerous "Shut Down Days" to help save the economy or at least lower the governments overall payroll costs.

I suggest 1 or 2 Fridays a month be turned into "Government Shut Down Days" for 3 day weekends.  These days would be unpaid for both hourly and salary employees.  In return they get to enjoy both 3 day weekends and 4 day work weeks.  Businesses can continue working or follow suit.  The changes should improve an individuals overall morale and reduce their stress.  Vacations and holidays are few and far between, weekends are too short to make something of them, and 5 day work weeks drag on to where most workers slack off and production is lowest on Fridays.   

Sincerely, 

Eric Baumgarten 
From:	Fishbuc@aol.com
Sent:	Thursday, July 6, 2006 10:54 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Re: Lakeland Electric

Thank you for the reply but our local government approved the matter.  A gross misappropriation of our taxpaying dollars and almost certainly one of them should of had just a little bit of business sense enough to know that this made no sense at all.  I will check with the state attorney's office and I did hear that someone is pursuing legal action.
 
Thanks again,
 
Mark McDonald
From:	Wietchpec@cs.com
Sent:	Thursday, July 6, 2006 10:34 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Shortfalls and inequities for the elderly and disabled

Dear Governor Bush: 

I am enclosing a copy of letters I have forwarded to my legislators and chief executives including President Bush, Vice President Cheney, Senators Bill Nelson and Mel Martinez, Minority leader Lesley Miller, State Representative Bob Martinez and yourself.  I think the letter applies equally to all of you: 
Subj: Inequity in bureaucratic treatment of the elderly 
Date: 7/6/2006 12:27:37 PM Eastern Daylight Time 
From: Wietchpec 
To: comments@whitehouse, Wietchpec 



Dear President Bush: 


I support your foreign policies.  I support most of your domestic polices and decisions, except your treatment of the elderly.  I am 58 years old and disabled.  I was severly injured in 3/2004 and applied for SSDI on 10/2004.  I was again severly injured again on 9/2005.  I have a crushed right shouder and broken back with a hernieated disk.  With my current injuries I am unemployable even with two BA college degrees.   I am still waiting to receive SSDI benefits due to backlogs in the Federal Bureacratic System.  I am an honorably discharged veteran of the Vietnam era like yourself.  My mother is age 86, and until recent "reforms" in the medicaid system, my Mother paid nothing for her many medicines.  Now she must pay 60$/ month plus $20/month in copays. On the long term care disability program her in home services were cut in half. Her medical appliance provider recently came and repossessed her wheelchair. She is an honorably discharged veteran of World War II.  If you, your cabinet and advisors with the assistance of the United states Congress continue to erode her benefits and delay my own, you will shorten her life and put me out onto the street.  I have contributed to the Social Security system yearly without fail since 1965.  I have worked yearly since age 14 at part time after-school jobs. I paid my own way through college with the assistance of Veteran's Benefits. Why am I being delayed for so long?  Why are you taking money from the Nation's most at risk group, the elderly, to pay for our War against Terrorism.  People are prospering on the heels of a strong economy, and very few of the affluent are being asked to give up anything except their losses in the Stock Market following on the heels of the Enron corruption proceedings and other similar corporate shenanigans.  You are asking the wrong people to suffer and financially support our brave but inadequately supplied soldiers in the courageous fight against a world evil. 
I wonder, though, if the immense oil cartels and oil companies are not as corrupt and evil as the terrorist forces aginst whom we are now arrayed.  I have been living with the help of my friends and a one small insurance settlement which is now nearly gone in discharging personal loans and one credit card debt.  I was injured through no fault of my own, but I am expected to survive on air and water.  I still have two credit card debts to discharge,  both of which have burgeoned from a total debt of $23,000 in 2004 to nearly $40,000 due to legally approved usurious interest rates when bank accounts accrue only 1% or less interest.  I thought usury was illegal and immoral.  It appears not.  Those who are continuing to work at good jobs should pay their debts.  How can those who cannot work any longer be expected to have no relief from unpayable debts?  How can the elderly be treated as they are?  Have you no social conscience?  Has the term "noblesse oblige" completely disappeared from the vocabulary of the wealthy?  I am barraged with e-mails from the dscc since I am still a legally regetered Democrat despite having not having voted for a Democratic President (with the unfortunate exception of Bill Clinton) since John F. Kennedy. 

If the White House and Congress do not do somedthing to rememdy unfortunate social decisions for the elderly, there may be an immense backlash against the Republican Party from the huge voter block of those ag 50 and over. 

I will include a copy of a most recent e-mail from the dscc.  I feel, though, as if I were back at sea and "spitting into the wind".  My largest creditor is MBNA and represented by debt collector, Zakhein and Associates, P.A., 1045 University Drive, Ste. # 202, Plantation FL 33324. 

Joseph R. Kinz 
8730 North Himes Avenue 
Apartment 708 
Tampa, FL  33614 

Dear JOSEPH, 
In the past few months, the DSCC has asked a lot of its grassroots supporters. Every time we needed you, you answered the call. When we wake up on November 8 to find that Democrats have retaken the Senate, it will be because of our generous online community. 
With the help of committed Democrats, the DSCC blew past its end of quarter fundraising goal to the tune of more than $1.2 million. I am putting this crucial cash infusion to work immediately to help Democratic candidates across the country. 
Supporting the DSCC has never been more important. In the run-up to the November elections, you can count on Republicans doing everything to divert and distract from their disastrous legislative record. They'll attack the media. They'll revel in their fake tough guy patriotism. But this time, America won't be fooled. People like you will see to that. 
In the past few years, Senate Republicans have sat by idly as George W. Bush trampled the Constitution on his way to an unprecedented power grab. Bush is the man who would be King. 
Senate Democrats are the only people standing in the way of Bush's radical agenda. And with you standing strongly behind our Senate candidates, we are poised to retake our country from the right wing extremists who have overtaken our government. 
Right now, Democratic challengers are winning the polls against Republican incumbents in no fewer than five states - putting us within striking distance of a Democratic majority in the US Senate. 
There is still much work to be done. But because of the stalwart support of Democrats across the country, we are operating from a position of strength four months out from the November midterms. Thank you again. 
Sincerely, 
 
Sen. Chuck Schumer 


    
    
   
From:	KNITERANGER@aol.com
Sent:	Thursday, July 6, 2006 10:22 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	 glad to be out of florida

Hello, I moved to Ocala, Florida 8.5 years ago to care for ailing family and was appalled by the living and service standards within your state, thought I would share some observations. From the moment I arrived it was obvious how rude, racist, uneducated and ignorant natives are towards outsiders. Earnings potential is non existent compared with the rest of the country even with specialized training, healthcare atrocious (if even offered by employers), education substandard, building codes poor and companies not held accountable for poor services, instead offering a statement of "that's the way it is". I feel fortunate  that I sold my home and  escaped the poverty and despair that seems prevalent within your state, very sad.
 
Unfortunately I will never return to the slave labor state of Florida even as a tourist,as I know there is so much better elsewhere.
From:	Alexander S. <vagabond1107@hotmail.com>
Sent:	Thursday, July 6, 2006 10:12 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	James V. Crosby

It is a total shame you would appoint such a corrupt person as James V 
Crosby, I am totally appalled at the level of corruption he has shown and 
the lack of control he has shown regarding the desire of money. You as 
Governor, are to blame regarding the example Mr Crosby has set. It would be 
be a great triumph to see Mr Crosby incarcerated as a great example to the 
level of corruption  that exists within DOC and we hold you accountable to 
see that he does not escape justice. Because of this sad embarrassing crime 
Mr Crosby allegedly committed, both myself nor our family will ever vote for 
you again in whatever capacity you decide to run for. We hope you understand 
the seriousness that Mr. Crosby has committed and take action. Thank you.

_________________________________________________________________
Don’t just search. Find. Check out the new MSN Search! 
http://search.msn.click-url.com/go/onm00200636ave/direct/01/

From:	ross greybill <ross2vegas@peoplepc.com>
Sent:	Thursday, July 6, 2006 8:46 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Cc:	lou
Subject:	Fw: the usual...

 
----- Original Message ----- 
From: Michael Bruning 
To: CRAIG SCHEIBEL 
Sent: Thursday, July 06, 2006 1:37 AM
Subject: Re: the usual...

CRAIG.
 
YOU WRITE OUT OF FRUSTRATION - A PATH THAT I GET LOST ON FROM TIME-TO-TIME.  MY WISHES ARE THE SAME AS YOURS AND AFTER WATCHING THE "SO-CALLED" HEARING IN SAN DIEGO THIS EVENING - I AM EVEN MORE COMMITTED TO REMOVING THOSE CONSTITUTIONAL LOFFICERS WHO CHOSE TO USE THESE PUBLICALLY HELD HEARINGS (NOT HEARINGS FOR THE PUBLIC) - TO AIR THEIR PARTISANSHIP AND ANTI-AMERICAN RHETORIC.  THE DINO AND THE RINO ATTRIBUTES ON BOTH SIDES WAS GLARINGLY OBVIOUS AND WELL REPRESENTED.
 
FIRST - THESE HEARING SHOULD HAVE ALLOWED THE GENERAL PUBLIC TO PARTICIPATE IN THE DISCUSSION OF H.R. 4437 AND S.2611 - AND TO REQUIRE THE MEMBERS OF CONGRESS TO ANSWER THE QUESTIONS.  INSTEAD - A SERIES OF "EXPERT" PANELS WERE GIVEN AN OPPORTUNITY TO MAKE STATEMENTS AND ANSWER QUESTIONS AIMED AT THEM BY THE MEMBERS OF CONGRESS.
 
THIS FORMAT WAS PURE IDIOCY!!  H.R. 4437 AND S.2611 HAVE ALREADY BEEN DEBATED TO DEATH AND "EXPERT" TESTAMONY HAS ALREADY BEEN HAD IN THE HOUSE AND SENATE CHAMBERS - AND THE VOTES CAST FOR EACH BILL.
 
IT WAS MY UNDERSTANDING THAT "FIELD" HEARINGS WOULD BE HELD AND THE GENERAL PUBLIC WOULD BE INVITED AND WELCOME TO PUT QUESTIONS TO THOSE WHO REPRESENTED THE PRO'S AND THE CON'S RE EACH BILL.  INSTEAD - ALL WE GOT WAS WINDOW DRESSING AND "MOCK" HEARINGS THAT COULD HAVE JUST AS WELL BEEN HELD IN DC.
 
WHAT A WASTE OF MONEY AND WHAT A FURTHER MANIPULATION OF THE PUBLIC TRUST.  THE PUBLIC WASN'T INVITED TO PARTICIPATE - IT WAS EXPECTED TO SIT ON THE SIDE LINES LIKE SOME ROOKIE 3RD STRING FOOTBALL PLAYER - AS THE PROFESSIONALS FROM CONGRESS AND THE EXPERTS FROM UNIONS, ORGANIZATIONS AND THINK TANKS CONTINUED TO SET THE IMMIGRATION POLICIES FOR THE PEOPLE OF THE UNITED STATES.
 
WE HAD NO INPUT OR RECOGNITION AS EQUAL PARTNERS IN THESE ISSUES OR IN THE DEVELOPMENT OF THE LAWS WHICH WE WILL BE FORCED TO ACCEPT - LAWS, LIKE THE 1986 AND 1996 ACTS WHICH WILL NEVER BE ENFORCED.
 
WE NEED TO WRITE TO SPEAKER HASTERT AND TO SENSENBRENNER AND PETER KING, ETC. - AND REMIND THEM THAT THE SO-CALLED "PUBLIC HEARINGS" AMOUNTED TO NOTHING MORE THAN PARTISAN POLITICS AND THAT - ONCE AGAIN - THE VOICES OF THE AMERICAN PEOPLE HAVE BEEN STIFLED BY THE RINO'S AND THE DINO'S.
 
PUBLIC HEARINGS MUST INCLUDE THE PUBLIC AND THESE FAILED TO DO ANYTHING REMOTELY REPRESENTATIVE OF THAT STATED INTENT.  THE AMERICAN PEOPLE HAVE BEEN MISLED - ONCE AGAIN - AND THOSE IN CHARGE OF THE HEARINGS ARE GUILTY OF POLITICAL PANDERING.  
 
AS I SAID - H.R. 4437 AND S.2611 HAVE ALREADY BEEN PASSED - YET, THE MEMBERS OF THESE DOG AND PONY SHOWS CLEARLY DEMONSTRATED THEIR UNWILLINGNESS TO INVITE THE PARTICIPATION AND THE QUESTIONS OF THE AMERICAN PEOPLE, AKA, THE GENERAL PUBLIC, AKA, THE CITIZENS OF AMERICA.
 
SUCH DECEPTION IS THE HALLMARK OF THE PRESIDENT AND THOSE WHO SAT ON THE COMMITTEE MUST ALL BE HIS BEST STUDENTS.
 
WE WANT PUBLIC HEARINGS ON THE ACCEPTANCE OF H.R.4437 AND S.2611 - NOT 2 MINUTE PRESENTATIONS BY 3 PANELS WITH QUESTIONS BY A DOZEN MEMBERS OF CONGRESS.  AND, WE WANT PUBLIC HEARINGS THAT WILL ALLOW FOR REASONABLE QUESTIONS WITH REASONABLE TIME FOR THOUGHTFUL RESPONSES.  THESE HEARINGS WERE RUSHED BECAUSE OF BORDER PATROL NEEDS.  THAT BEING THE CASE - ANY PUBLIC SCHOOL COULD HAVE BEEN USED WHERE TIME CONSTRAINTS NEED NOT BE OF ANY CONCERN.  AFTER ALL - SCHOOL IS OUT FOR THE SUMMER - SO WHY USE AN ACTIVE BP STATION CONFERENCE ROOM UNLESS ADJOURNMENT COULD BE A READY EXCUSE TO LIMIT THE HEARINGS DUE TO BP NEEDS??
 
NOT ONLY AM I DISAPPOINTED THAT THIS OPPORTUNITY WAS WASTED - I AM DISGUSTED BY THE IMMATURE ATTEMPT TO MAKE THESE HEARINGS LOOK AS THOUGH THEY WERE INTENDED TO ACCOMPLISH SOMETHING - ANYTHING!!  THEY DID NOT!!
 
MICHAEL J. BRUNING
PHOENIX, AZ

  _____  

No virus found in this incoming message.
Checked by AVG Free Edition.
Version: 7.1.394 / Virus Database: 268.9.8/380 - Release Date: 6/30/2006

From:	michael walsh <walsheyus@yahoo.com>
Sent:	Thursday, July 6, 2006 8:14 PM
To:	mark.plass@dot.state.fl.us
Cc:	james.wolfe@dot.state.fl.us; lwexler@broward.org; rbrossard@broward.org; jeleid@broward.org; rhernandez@broward.org; romoore@broward.org; Governor Jeb Bush; Geller, Steven; kmayes@clerk-17th-flcourts.org; lori@bcpa.net; asebo@broward.org; llaskin@broward.org; esobel@aol.com; kwasserstrom@hollywoodfl.org; Stutler, Denver; Newman, Rex; thatsjustwrong@wsvn.com; nancy.urgo@dot.state.fl.us; cbenson@hollywoodfl.org; hkoornstra@broward.org; bhenry@broward.org; zwilliams@broward.org; msantibanez@hollywoodfl.org; rrawls@hollywoodfl.org; fmcgarry@hollywoodfl.org; jscarberry@hollywoodfl.org; mssmith@hollywoodfl.org; adiaz@hollywoodfl.org; mmay@hollywoodfl.org; cewagner@hollywoodfl.org; rnardello@hollywoodfl.org; jvogt@hollywoodfl.org; gturek@hollywoodfl.org; icombrinckgraham@hollywoodfl.org; acintron@hollywoodfl.org; pj_g@bellsouth.net
Subject:	State rd 848- Cover- Up.

Dear Mr. Mark Plass:                                 FDOT
 
I have decided to offer you and your colleague Mr. Wolfe a last chance opportunity to redeem yourselves prior to my forwarding my letter to US Senator Bill Nelson for his review, and hopefully his assistance etc.
 
I have saved all of your e-mail correspondence, as well as from Mr. Wolfe as well that you will undoubtedly implicate the both of you seriously in the Cover up that occurred when you agreed to Help us all concerning the mistakes that were made on State rd 848 etc.
 
Your failure to follow through with your promises to us all here on N. 66th avenue has not been forgotten my friend, as we are still being impacted by the Increasing High Traffic Volumes on the N. 66th avenue" Cut-Thru"  residential corridor like never before, due to the Mistakes that were made on State rd 848 by not only FDOT, but also BCTE as well.
 
If you had been honest from the onset, then the Traffic situation here at present on N. 66th avenue hopefully would of been alleviated by now, but unfortunately you and your colleague chose to betray us instead, and for reasons that are still not understood?
 
Please govern yourself accordingly Mr. Plass as Our Safety Dilemma is still continuing on N. 66th avenue, that is directly related to the"Funneling" of High Traffic Volumes to and from State rd 848, directly into and out of the N. 66th avenue residential corridor at all hours etc!
 
Thank you.
 
Michael Walsh
 
Area Constituent Spokesman
 

  _____  

Want to be your own boss? Learn how on Yahoo! Small Business. 
From:	jose VArela <lswjth2@yahoo.com>
Sent:	Thursday, July 6, 2006 8:13 PM
To:	ctearsjr@sfwmd.gov
Cc:	Governor Jeb Bush; John Outland; jgcox@naplesnews.com; kara.kenney@nbc-2.com; ksaenz@wftx4.com; brian mchannon; barbara powell; donna fiala; frankhalas@colliergov.net; fredcoyle@colliergov.net; tom henning; jimcoletta@colliergov.net; jose; vanessa; leo; sean brown; webmaster@mail.arra-access.com; jsparks@legstrat.com; cfatvclub@aol.com; chris@southernknightsatv.com; customrubicon@yahoo.com; dennis atv; miamigirlrider@yahoo.com; carl; editor@naplesnews.com; four_wheelin4fun@yahoo.com; James Haven; Davis, Mike; Albert Menendez; jwwillia@sfwmd.gov; Aditchdoc@aol.com; atvgirl@thedirtygirls.net; Banshee1987@eathlink.net; Blue@bluescycle.com; BMac240@hotmail.com; damon_m_lee@yahoo.com; dixieboy1479@hotmail.com; dustmudder69@netzero.net; gmc4x4countrygal@aol.com; gwest@onearrow.net; harufam@earthlink.com; jmnasdaqqqq@hotmail.com; Justin888@bellsouth.net; mdaybc@hotmail.com; mejasnanny@comcast.net; mjavy7@gmail.com; Muddywatersatv@yahoo.com; nalienprincess@aol.com; PATSSMS@aol.com; ramatv@msn.com; Redgrizzly660@aol.com; rypiii@netzero.com; sam_witch@yahoo.com; sawesero039@msn.com; selling_this_stuff@yahoo.com; support@fl-atv.com; toothfairy1214@netzero.net; wildboy_2002@yahoo.com; wswise1@cox.net
Subject:	640 acre agreement

Hi Clarence,

I received an E-mail today from Brian Mchannon indicating that you want to meet 24 hrs before you go in front of the County commision. I honestly cannot see how this will meet the criteria set forth by the commission. How much input, direction, suggestions ,etc can happen when we will only have a couple of hours to view the proposal? 

Today is July 6th, you have until the 25th, that gives us 19 days left to meet. It should not be the day before, unfortunately these are the kinds of actions that keep fueling suspicion on the public's behalf. As a matter of fact, these meetings were supposed to have happened before the Picayune was closed to ORV use. I still have the copy of the video in where you state " the current use is not compatible" that has, as we are painfully aware of, turned into NO USE. 

The land that your are proposing has been there all along, why hasn't it not been offered before? The agreement was signed on October 2003, we are now in July 2006 and still waiting. The other issue is why wont you let us ride on the roads/trails in the Picayune until such a riding area is operational? How can it be that a 7000lb truck pulling a 20 ton earth mover be OK, but not a 600 LB atv? Again these are the things that unfortunately, along with approving the destruction of wetlands forever as reported in the Naples daily news, fuel continiuos mistrust between the public and SFWMD.

Please feel to give me a call anytime

Rick Varela

239-784-1328


  _____  

Want to be your own boss? Learn how on Yahoo! Small Business. 
From:	Gene Crippen <gene@cbdsolutions.com>
Sent:	Thursday, July 6, 2006 7:31 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Thank you for HB 1029

Gene Crippen
905 Lilly Street
Leesburg, FL 34748

Dear Governor Bush and Staff,

I just learned of your signing of amendments to DEP Rule 
62D-2.014(10)F.A.C., allowing Florida residents with concealed weapons 
permits to exercise their rights within State Parks and National 
Forests within Florida.

This is sensible and I am pleased to see your office has corrected a 
long-flawed policy.

I am an avid outdoorsman. I love hiking, camping, canoeing - in Florida 
and around this great nation. I cherish the land and the life on it and 
make extra effort to have a positive impact or no impact at all when 
enjoying parks and forests. I also vote along conservative lines, 
proving that one can be in harmony with nature and still recognize and 
respect  the intent of our founding fathers.

Happy to see you are obviously of a like-mind.

Sincerely,

Gene Crippen

From:	LeRoy Boyd <leroyboyd@movementforchange.org>
Sent:	Thursday, July 6, 2006 7:29 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	RE: ANOTHER BLACK INMATE KILLED IN ESCAMBIA COUNTY JAIL

Thank you for your response.
 
Sir,
 
Citizens in Escambia County have repeatedly followed “procedures” to vet our concerns about law enforcement officers’ abuse and brutality. We are still without meaningful resolutions and inmates keep dying. 
 
It is also difficult to have “faith” in our local judicial system which allows a judge to preside over the inquest of Mr. Boggon’s while the sheriff he is investigating is sending a letter to the parole board on behalf of the judge’s brother.
 
It is difficult to have “faith” in a system when the prison commission reported on June 8, 2006 about  “goon squads” in the Florida correction system. The 300-page April 19th testimony about Florida’s correction system may be found online at www.prisoncommission.com.
 
It is difficult to have “belief” in an institution (corrections) where the entire upper tier plus guards are under multiple Federal investigations (Crosby, Clark, etc.).
 
It is hard for me to believe that you genuinely believe that under these conditions of an institutional meltdown of the Florida corrections system that somehow we in Escambia County must just have “faith” that our abusers will suddenly correct themselves. That was NOT the case with Crosby or Clark, they did not self correct themselves.  
 
Why would this sheriff department self correct itself after years of abuse, homicides, and murders?
 
Please reconsider the daily plight of the citizens here in Escambia County without a meaningful remedy from what we feel like is a rogue law enforcement agency.  
 
Leroy Boyd
  _____  

From: Governor Jeb Bush [mailto:Jeb.Bush@MyFlorida.com] 
Sent: Wednesday, July 05, 2006 2:28 PM
To: LeRoy Boyd
Subject: RE: ANOTHER BLACK INMATE KILLED IN ESCAMBIA COUNTY JAIL
 
Governor Bush has received your e-mail and has asked me to respond on his behalf, and I apologize for the delay.
 
You may wish to take the first step of making a written request for an internal review by contacting the law enforcement agency.  If you are dissatisfied with the outcome, you may then wish to write to the Criminal Justice Professionalism Program, Florida Department of Law Enforcement.  The address is Post Office Box 1489, Tallahassee, Florida 32202, and the telephone number is (850) 410-8600.  This office establishes administrative procedures for denial, suspension, or revocation of law enforcement officer certification if a violation of Florida Administrative Code 11B27.0011 is proven.
 
Those who believe law enforcement officers may be guilty of criminal misconduct should bring their evidence to the local state attorney.  The state attorney makes the decision to prosecute anyone who may be guilty of a crime.
 
Thank you again for writing.  If I can assist you with any other issue or concern, please let me know.
 
                                                                                    Sincerely,
 
 
 
                                                                                    Rex T.Newman
 
RN/h
 
-----Original Message-----
From: LeRoy Boyd [mailto:leroyboyd@movementforchange.org]
Sent: Thursday, June 15, 2006 3:34 PM
To: Governor Jeb Bush
Subject: ANOTHER BLACK INMATE KILLED IN ESCAMBIA COUNTY JAIL
Dear Governor Bush:
 
Another Black Male has been killed in the Escambia County Jail.  This is the third Black Male that has died in the jail within 10 months.  Mr. Robert Boggon, Mr. Hosea Bell, and Mr. Jerry Preyer have all died since August 29, 2005.  There has been no accountability for these deaths. Known usage of the Taser Guns and the Restraint Chair were the contributing factors in two of the three deaths.  We urgently request your assistance.
 
Thank you,
 
LeRoy Boyd
Movement for Change, President
Tel: 850 432-4411
www.movementforchange.org
 
From:	Jennbabie1@aol.com
Sent:	Thursday, July 6, 2006 6:47 PM
To:	comments@whitehouse.gov
Cc:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	The FAFSA Form

Dear Mr. President: 

 

First and foremost, I would like to tell you that I am in full-support of your presidency.  I am continuously praying for you, your Cabinet members, and our country.  This is a long shot, but I have come to a dead end.  

 

I was attempting to fill at the FASFA (Free Application for Federal Student Aid) form.  I have completed it in years passed with ease.  This year’s form has challenged me, though.  I’m not sure if you’re familiar with the form.  I am going to assume that you’re not on the notion that you are an extremely busy man and should rely on the Department of Education to handle such matters.  

 

The form requires the student to fill out various pieces of personal information.  His or her tax information for 2005 is required.  I had no problem providing this information.  Section 2 of the FASFA form is a series of questions to determine the student’s status.  The questions are in yes/no format: were you born before January 1, 1983; will you be working on your Master’s; are you married; do you have children; are your parents deceased; and are you a veteran.  I answered no to all of the questions.  I am only twenty-one years old.  Currently, I am a senior and will be attaining my first bachelor’s.  I am single.  Though I highly value the institution of marriage, I have decided to wait until I graduate to get married.  As I am not married, I have no children.  I am happy to say my parents are alive and well.  They also pray for you often.  I consider myself a Patriot, but the only way I have been associated with the armed forces is to pray for our troops and their families.  I was hoping to serve our country by becoming an American History teacher.  

 

Since I answered no to all of the questions, I am required to provide my parents’ tax information.  This will include their annual income.  That number is combined with my annual income to compute an EFC (Estimated Family Contribution).  Mr. President, I have a very unique situation.  Though I am extremely close with my parents, I strive for independence.  I am only twenty-one years old, work full-time, and will be taking six classes in the fall.  Last year, I purchased my own home.  I am the sole provider for all of my financial needs.  I am independent in more ways than one.  My parents do not claim me on their taxes.  My father works very hard but is unable to help me financially.  At times, it is a struggle, but I wouldn’t have it any other way.  Independence isn’t a gift, but rather, it is an achievement.      

 

Mr. President, when I called the representatives of FASFA, they informed me that there is a federal law requiring students to provide their parents’ income if the student answered no the above seven questions.  Sir, I was hoping to receive a PELL Grant, but am not eligible because I have to report their income.  I called my school, the University of Central Florida, and explained my situation.  The financial aid advisor said the only way I wouldn’t be required to report my parents’ income is if I had a restraining order filed against them.  This is my last year and I have exhausted all my options.  I cannot take out any more loans.  If I do, my expendable income would be adjusted and my mortgage would be in jeopardy.  I have the seventy-five percent Bright Futures’ Scholarship.  It doesn’t pay for my books, though, or, anything beyond tuition.  I am looking at a bill of $900 for the semester just for texts.  The regional campus I attend is a forty-five minute drive.  The prices of gas keep rising.  Mr. President, I am now faced with the biggest decision: do I take out a restraining order against my parents or do I give up my dream of being a teacher?  

 

I never thought I would be in this situation.  I am proud to say I graduated number one in my high school class.  I have continued to achieve at community college and the university.  But, my track record of straight A’s is secondary to my parent’s income according to the FASFA.  Mr. President, almost all scholarships and grants are based on the FASFA.  As far as the form is concerned, I should have no problem paying for my education.  

 

Maybe you cannot help. I send this email off with a prayer that it will at least reach your desk.  I’m just one student, but I can only imagine how many other students have been or will be hindered by this form.  Maybe a contingency could be added to accommodate independent students.  Allotments have been made for students with children.  Though I do my best to keep a positive outlook on life, I cannot help but be discouraged.  If I were a mother, even unmarried, I wouldn’t be required to provide my parents’ income and would be eligible for a PELL Grant.  Time is running out for me to make my decision.  As you have extensive experience in decision-making, maybe you could give me some advice.  As I know you will, pray for me as I do for you.  

 

 

Thank you.  

Jenna Marcacci 

      
From:	Jeannette Farr <jfarr13931@yahoo.com>
Sent:	Thursday, July 6, 2006 6:29 PM
To:	Patrick Creehan
Cc:	Governor Jeb Bush; Marstiller, Simone
Subject:	Satus of our complaint

Dear Mr. Creehan,
 
I emailed you on June 19, 2006, and asked for your help in obtaining information of the status of our contractor complaint.  It has been almost three weeks and we have heard nothing from you.
 
I hope this is not the way you treat all citizens of Florida.
 
Would you please refer to our email and respond back.
 
Jeannette and David Farr

  _____  

Do you Yahoo!?
Get on board. You're invited to try the new Yahoo! Mail Beta.
From:	Ccsouthdaytona@aol.com
Sent:	Thursday, July 6, 2006 6:25 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Re: THIS IS URGENT

Thank you for your help, I will contact you tomorrow morning, thank you!!!
                                     Cheryl Covey
From:	gung_ho_chuck@msn.com
Sent:	Thursday, July 6, 2006 6:07 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Read my lips - NO NEW TAXES

Dear Gov. Bush:
 
On this date in history - July 06, 2006 -  1854: The Republican Party is founded as an antislavery party by former members of the Whig, Democratic, Free Soil, and Know Nothing parties. The Republicans joined the Democrats as one of the nation’s two major parties in the late 1850s. Today in 2006  The Republican Establishment has been drifting leftward, and a backlash had to come against the Big Government spenders in legislatures and against supremacist judges who order the spending. Activist judges in states, have been ordering the state legislatures to appropriate more funding for public schools. The judges have convinced themselves that only judges are wise enough to know how much taxpayers' money is "equitable" or "adequate." It is long overdue for state legislatures to educate state judges about the separation of powers and the fact that state courts should defer to elected representatives on taxes and spending. The teachers unions, with their overwhelmingly Democratic membership, are tickled pink that Republicans are doing this unpopular work. The teacher unions, school board, mostly all feminists / liberal's, city and county, and their "special interest clicks" can blame the tax hike on Republicans and laugh all the way to the bank as they "ALL" soak up the new revenue. “Republicans Were Put on Earth to Lower Taxes,” lowering our excessively high property taxes, they are unfortunately missing the forest for all the trees. Property taxes are out of control, but raising taxes and overburdening businesses will only hurt the economy in the end. Besides, the homeowners expecting a reduction in their property taxes will find that they will pay more for the goods and services provided by businesses off of their tax hike's to.  Perhaps it's time for a "Federal Audit", because our State Law Makers, refuse to tell the other form's of government it is "THEY" through the separation of powers that do this solo and on their own for the best interest of the people, and that all "other form's of government that have been ordering the state legislatures to appropriate more funding for public schools" the other way can't happen, along with a mix and match with the Federal Government funding for such as well.   Despite strenuous efforts by the Republican National Committee this tax-and-spend RINO (Republican In Name Only) and this new conservative uprising is stirring no one should be surprised. Just what LAWMAKER out there has the intestinal fortitude to stand up to the politically correct crowd and say, ”This ain’t right.” BECAUSE THEY are so afraid of offending somebody that they talk in circles and chase their tails. All while they TAX us to death, in one of the largest TAX HIKES in History, against all "HOME OWNERS". The most pressing issue facing Floridians now and in the future are HIGHER property taxes in relation to exploding property values created by government. Many Floridians are probably going to be faced with selling their property in the future because of an inability to pay their property taxes. The fact that property values have gone through the roof does not entitle government to raise property taxes so much over such a short period of time. The homestead exemption stays at $25,000, and should be raised up to at least $125,000 or higher, and all are being held hostage by our elected leaders.  A federal audit is in proper order here as well. Just look at these figures.
 
Fiscal Year 2006-2007 Final Budget
 
GOVERNOR BUSH SIGNS FISCALLY RESPONSIBLE BUDGET WITH RECORD INCREASES IN FUNDING FOR EDUCATION 
 
TALLAHASSEE – Joined by Lt. Governor Toni Jennings, Governor Jeb Bush today signed a $73.9 billion budget for fiscal year 2006-2007, building on the conservative fiscal management policies that have spurred economic growth and increased revenues for state government. The budget funds state priorities, including record increases in funding for education, while cutting taxes by $298 million and setting aside $6.4 billion in reserves.
 
“I want to thank the members of the Florida Legislature – especially President Tom Lee and Speaker Allan Bense – for their leadership and hard work,” said Governor Bush. “This budget funds the priorities of the State of Florida. It highlights the importance of providing a quality education to each and every child – especially those facing challenges in learning.”
 
This budget represents Florida’s conservative approach to government. Spending taxpayers’ hard-earned money demands responsibility and accountability. During the last eight years, the state has combined significant reform with increased funding to yield the best results for Floridians.
 
CONTINUING FLORIDA’S RISING STUDENT ACHIVEMENT
 
A quality education gives a child the best opportunity to succeed in life. The single most important thing the state can do to grow Florida’s economy for the future is to provide a quality education to each and every child.
 
Funding for education is the centerpiece of this year’s budget. This year, the state is providing $32.6 billion for education, an increase of $3.9 billion or 13.5 percent. 
 
Increased funding does not work without reform. Seven years ago, Florida embarked on a sweeping overhaul of the state’s education system – a transformation that is still just beginning. Governor Bush’s education reforms have been based on high standards and expectations, clear measurement and accountability and rewards and consequences for results. Funding is important, but maintaining focus on results will ensure Florida’s schools and students continue to make progress.
 
Voluntary Pre-kindergarten Program
 
The state is providing $390.6 million, or an average of $2,560 per child, so more than 144,000 four-year-olds can participate in high-quality education programs that prepare children to read and succeed in school. 
 
K-12 Public Schools
 
The state is providing $18.8 billion, an increase of $1.8 billion or 10.76 percent, to fund public schools from kindergarten through high school. This increase results in funding of $7,004 per student, an increase of $542 or nearly 9 percent. 
 
· $2.2 billion, an increase of $644 million or nearly 43 percent, is provided to implement the class-size constitutional amendment. An additional $1.1 billion is also being provided for school construction to reduce class size. Since 2003, Florida has spent $7 billion to meet its obligations under the constitution to reduce class sizes
 
Reading
 
Reading is fundamental to the success of a child’s entire education. The state is providing $111.8 million, an increase of $22.8 million or more than 25 percent, for reading initiatives. The money will be used for intervention, instruction and teacher training to ensure the value of reading is institutionalized in Florida’s primary education system.
 
The state is also providing $18.5 million, an increase of $8.5 million or 85 percent, to expand reading initiatives launched under Just Read Florida! Funding will expand training for principals and teachers in all grades and for the parents of struggling readers in elementary and middle schools.
 
Teachers
 
This year, the state is launching a statewide bonus plan for teachers. The state is providing $147.5 million for the STAR (Special Teachers are Rewarded) Performance Play Plan. Under the program, 25 percent of the state’s highest performing teachers are eligible for a bonus of at least 5 percent of their salary.
 
Higher Education
 
The budget provides $1.66 billion, an increase of $116.4 million or 7.5 percent, for community colleges and $3.5 billion, an increase of $366.5 million or 11.8 percent, for universities. The university budget includes $103 million for new programs created in substantive legislation, including:
· $20 million for the World Class Scholars Program 
· $30 million for the Centers of Excellence 
· $45 million for the Research and Economic Development Investment Program 
 
Need based financial aid
 
For young people pursuing their dream of a college education, the state is also providing $120.5 million in need-based financial aid, an increase of $21.7 million or 21.9 percent. 
 
Workforce Education
 
The budget provides $17.5 million for the Ready to Work Initiative to provide the necessary training and industry certifications for skilled workers and craftsmen. An additional $12 million is provided to continue training up to 11,000 workers for Florida’s construction industry. 
 
The budget also provides $34.5 million for SUCCEED Florida, which funds career academies and programs for nursing and allied health, teaching and manufacturing and automotive technology.
 
The results of these education reforms, combined with funding increases, are extraordinary. 
 
· Today, more of Florida’s students than ever are reading on their own.
· 75 percent of Florida’s third graders, including 61 percent of African-American and 70 percent of Hispanic children, are reading at or above grade level, compared to only 48 percent in 1999.
· According to the 2005 National Assessment of Educational Progress, Florida again surpassed the national average in fourth-grade reading and, for the first time, bettered the national average in fourth-grade mathematics. 
· According to the national norm reference test, Florida students are outperforming their counterparts in every grade.
· More students, including an increasing number of minority students, are taking college entrance exams. More than 93,500 – 65 percent – of Florida’s 2005 high school graduates took the SAT and 58,000 of these students took the ACT.
· Florida’s high school graduation rate is up and Florida’s dropout rate is down.

Sincerely,
 
Mr. Chuck Schroeder
7496 18th Street North
St. Petersburg, FL. 33702
 
From:	Chester Lee McWhorter <alarictgoth@gowebco.com>
Sent:	Thursday, July 6, 2006 3:39 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush; Neil Cavuto
Cc:	Cristy Loftis; Christy LeMire
Subject:	The Emancipation Prorclamation (A Farce)

THE GENERALLY MISUNDERSTOOD EMANCIPATION PROCLAMATION

The Gray Book, by the Sons Of Confederate Veterans, General Hqs, Box 5164, Southern Station, Hattiesburg, Mississippi, C. S. A. 

There is no document so little read or so misunderstood as the Emancipation Proclamation—

there is no subject so entirely misstated as Lincoln’s connection with, and attitude toward, freeing the negro.

Lincoln, who never freed a slave, is called "The Emancipator", while The Emancipation Proclamation, a war measure of the sternest description, holding within its possibilities an untold measure of woe for the South, is almost universally hailed as a great "humanitarian" document!

To those who wish to know the truth, attention is directed to these several points especially–the document is self-styled "a war measure; it not only did not free a single slave (this was done long afterward by Congressional action and the 13th amendment) but it expressly and particularly continued to hold in bondage the only slaves it could have freed, viz., those in country held by Federal armies and under the jurisdiction of the United States government; intended as a war measure to demoralize the South and destroy the morale of Southern armies is a pointed hint at servile insurrection in paragraph third from the last in the proclamation of January 1st , 1863.

Attention is also called to Lincoln’s attitude toward freeing the negro, as clearly expressed by him in a letter to Horace Greeley, just prior to issuing the proclamation.

This letter, inserted below, is copied faithfully from the files of the New York Tribune now in the Congressional Library. It most abundantly speaks for itself. In it Lincoln makes use of expressions which entirely dispose of any claim that he was waging war to free the slaves and which confound those who so persistently misrepresent the causes of the war between the states.

"My paramount object," he says, "in this struggle is to save the Union, and is not, either to save or destroy slavery. If I could save the Union without freeing any slave I would do it; and if I could save it by freeing all the slaves, I would do it. What I do about slavery and the colored race I do because I believe it helps to save the Union"

This letter and the terms and restrictions of the Proclamation itself show beyond any doubt the entirely war-like purpose of the proclamation and the entire absence of any humanitarian element either in Lincoln’s purposes in promulgating it or in the provisions of the instrument itself.

Lincoln’s Letter to Greeley (from Vol 22 New York Tribune, August 25, 1862, page 4, column 3, on file in Congressional Library) with a few preliminary and non-essential sentences omitted.

Executive Mansion, Washington,

August 22, 1862.

"Hon. Horace Greeley:

Dear Sir:

I would save the Union. I would save it the shortest way under the constitution. The sooner the National authority can be restored, the nearer the Union will be "the Union it was." If there be those who would not save the Union unless they could at the same time save slavery, I do not agree with them. My paramount (object to) those who would not save the Union unless they could at the same time destroy slavery, I do not agree with them. My paramount object in this struggle is to save the Union, and is not either to save or destroy slavery. If I could save the Union without freeing slaves, I would do it; and if I could save it by freeing some and leaving others alone, I would also do that. What I do about slavery and the colored race, I do because I believe it helps to save this Union; and what I forebear, I forebear because I do not believe it would help to save the Union. I have here stated my purpose according to my view of official duty and I intend no modification of my oft expressed personal wish that all men, everywhere, could be free.

	Yours,

	A. Lincoln."

Here follows the preliminary proclamation of Sept. 22, 1862, and then afterward the "Emancipation Proclamation" itself, exempting from its provisions all those in territory held by Federal arms and under jurisdiction of the U. S. government.

By the President of the United States of America.

A PROCLAMATION.

I,. Abraham Lincoln, President of The United States of America, and Commander-in-Chief af (sic) the Army and Navy thereof, do hereby proclaim and declare that hereafter, as heretofore, the war will be prosecuted for the object of practically restoring the constitutional relation between the United States and each of the States and the people thereof in which States that relation is or may be suspended or distributed.

That it is my purpose, upon the next meeting of Congress, to again recommend the adoption of a practical measure tendering pecuniary aid to the free acceptance or rejection of all slave States, so called, the people whereof may not then be in rebellion against the United States, and which States may then have voluntarily adopted, or thereafter may voluntarily adopt, immediate or gradual abolishment of slavery within their respective limits; and that the effort to colonize persons of African descent with their consent upon this continent or elsewhere, with the previously obtained consent of the governments existing there, will be continued.

That on the 1st day of January, A. D. 1863 all persons held as slaves within any State or designated part of a State the people whereof shall then be in rebellion against the United States shall be then, thenceforward, and forever free; and the executive government of the United States, including the military and naval authority thereof, will recognize the freedom of such persons and will do no act or acts to repress such persons, or any act or acts they may make for their actual freedom.

That the Executive will on the 1st day of January aforesaid, by proclamation, designate the States, if any, in which the people thereof, respectively, shall then be in rebellion against the United States; and the fact that any State or the people thereof shall on that day be in good faith represented in the Congress of the United States by members chosen thereto at elections wherein a majority of the qualified voters of such State shall have participated shall, in the absence of strong countervailing testimony, be deemed conclusive evidence that such State and the people thereof are not then in rebellion against the United States.

That attention is hereby called to an act of Congress entitled "An act to make an additional article of war," approved March 13, 1862, and which act is in the words and figure following: "Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, That hereafter the following shall be promulgated as an additional article of war for the government of the Army of the United States, and shall be obeyed and observed as such:

Art–– All officers or persons in the military or naval service of the United States are prohibited from employing any of the forces under their respective commands for the purpose of returning fugitives from service or labor who may have escapes from any persons to whom such service or labor is claimed to be due, and any officer who should be found guilty by a court-martial of violating this article shall be dismissed from the service.

Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That this act shall take effect from and after its passage." Also the ninth and tenth sections of an act entitled "An act to suppress insurrection, to punish treason and rebellion, to seize and confiscate the property of rebels, and for other purposes," approved July 17, 1862, and which sections are in the words and figures following:

Sec. 9. And be it further enacted that all slaves of persons who shall hereafter be engaged in rebellion against the Government of the United States, or who shall in any way give aid or comfort thereto, escaping from such persons and taking refuge within the lines of the army, and all slaves captured from such persons or deserted by them and coming under the control of the Government of the United States, and all slaves of such persons found on (or) being within any place occupied by rebel forces and afterwards occupied by the forces of the United States, shall be deemed captives of war and shall be forever free of their servitude and not again held as slaves.

Sec. 10. And be it further enacted, that no slave escaping into any State, Territory, or the District of Columbia from any other State shall be delivered up or in any way impeded or hindered of his liberty except for crime or some offense against the laws, unless the person claiming said fugitive shall first make oath that the person to whom the labor or service of such fugitive is alleged to be due is his lawful owner and has not borne arms against the United States in the present rebellion nor in any way given aid and comfort thereto; and no person engaged in the military or naval service of the United States shall, under any pretense whatever, assume to decide on the validity of the claim of any person to the service or labor of any such person to the claimant on pain of being dismissed from the service." And I do hereby enjoin upon and order all persons engaged in the military and naval service of the United States to observe, obey, and enforce within their respective spheres of the act and sections above recited.

And the Executive will in due time recommend that all citizens of the United States who shall have remained loyal thereto throughout the rebellion shall, upon the restoration of the constitutional relation between the United States and their respective States and people, if that relation shall have been suspended or disturbed, be compensated for all losses by acts of the United States, including the loss of slaves.

In witness whereof I have hereunto set my hand and caused the seal of the United States to be affixed.

Done at the City of Washington, this 22d day of September, A. D. 1862 and of the Independence of the United States the eighty-seventh.

                                                                                                                                                                                                            Abraham Lincoln

(Seal)

By The President:

William H. Seward, Secretary of State.

Taken from"A Compilation of the Messages and Papers of the Presidents 1789 - 1897, published by authority of Congress by James D. Richardson, a Representative from the State Of Tennessee, Volume VI, Page 96.

(This is the one that really flew to the outside world and was published)

By the President of the United States of America.

A PROCLAMATION.

Whereas on the 22d day of September, A. D.1862, a proclamation was issued by the President of the United States, containing, among other things, the following, to wit:

"That on the 1st day of January, A. D. 1863, all persons held as slaves within any State or designated part of a State the people whereof shall then be in rebellion against the United States shall be then, thenceforward, and forever free; and the executive government of the United States, including the military and naval authority thereof, will recognize and maintain the freedom of such persons and will do no act or acts to repress such persons, or any of them, in any efforts they may make for their actual freedom.

That the Executive will on the 1st day of January aforesaid, by proclamation, designated the States and parts of States, if any, in which the people thereof, respectively, shall be in rebellion against the United States; and the fact that any State or the people thereof shall on that day be in good faith represented in the Congress of the United States by members chosen thereto at elections wherein a majority of the qualified voters of such States shall have participated shall, in the absence of strong countervailing testimony, be deemed conclusive evidence that such State and the people thereof are not in rebellion against the United States."

Now, therefore, I, Abraham Lincoln, President of the United States, by virtue of the power in me vested as the Commander-in-Chief of the Army and Navy of the United States in time of actual armed rebellion against the authority and Government of the United States, and as a fit and necessary war measure for suppressing said rebellion, do, on this 1st day of January, A. D.1863, and in accordance with my purpose so to do, publicly proclaimed for the full period of one hundred days from the day first above mentioned, order and designate as the States and parts of States wherein the people thereof, respectively, are this day in rebellion against the United States the following, to wit: Arkansas, Texas, Louisiana (except the parishes of St. Bernard, Plaquemines, Jefferson, St. John, St. James, Ascension, Assumption, Terrebonne, St. Mary, St. Martin, and Orleans, including the city of New Orleans), Mississippi, Alabama, Florida, Georgia, South Carolina, North Carolina, and Virginia (except the forty-eight counties designated as West Virginia, and also the counties of Berkeley, Accomac, Northampton, Elizabeth City, York, Princess Anne, and Norfolk, including the cities of Norfolk and Portsmouth), and which excepted parts are for the present left precisely as if this proclamation were not issued.

And by virtue of the power and for the purpose aforesaid, I do order and declare that all persons held as slaves within said designated States and parts of States are now and henceforward shall be free, and that the executive government of the United States, including the military and naval authorities thereof, will recognize and maintain the freedom of said persons.

And I hereby enjoin upon the people so declared to be free to abstain from all violence, unless in necessary self-defense; and I recommend to them that in all cases when allowed they labor faithfully for reasonable wages

And I further declare and make known that such persons of suitable condition will be received into the armed service of the United States to garrison forts, positions, stations, and other places and to man vessels of all sorts in said service.

And upon this act, sincerely believed to be an act of justice, warranted by the Constitution upon military necessity, I invoke the considerate judgment of mankind and the gracious favor of Almighty God.

In witness whereof I have hereunto set my hand and caused the seal of the United States to be affixed. (Seal) Done at the city of Washington, on this 1st day of January, A. D. 1863, and of the Independence of the United States of America the eighty-seventh.

                                                                                                                                                                                                                    Abraham Lincoln    

By the President:

William H. Seward, Secretary of State

Taken from "A Compilation of the Messages and Papers of the Presidents 1789 - 1897, published by authority of Congress by James D. Richardson, a Representative from the State of Tennessee, Volume VI, Page 157."

From:	prem Maheshwari <prem1912@hotmail.com>
Sent:	Thursday, July 6, 2006 4:53 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Cc:	prem1912@peoplepc.com
Subject:	CONVEY HAPPY BIRTH DAY TO MR.PRESIDENT AND ATTACH MINKT FORMULA
Attachments:	dr.prem crden.rtf; BIODATABUSINESSN.doc

MANY HAPPY RETURNS OF THE DAY I AM 68 ENERGETIC AND LITTLE GRAY HAIR . ONLY 
OUR BODY TELLS LITTLE PAIN TIME TOOTHER GET HER BLESSINGS .LOOSING A MOTHER 
IS REALLY VERY PAIN FUL.

PLEASE FORWARD IT TO MR.G.W.BUSH

_________________________________________________________________
On the road to retirement? Check out MSN Life Events for advice on how to 
get there! http://lifeevents.msn.com/category.aspx?cid=Retirement
From:	Margaret Dargaignon <mabeldoyle@knology.net>
Sent:	Thursday, July 6, 2006 5:00 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	making ends meet

Dear Gov. Bush:
 
     My husband and I came here with our son in 1979.  We were
trying to escape high taxes and high insurance rates.  We bought
the whole picture of it being less expensive to live here.
 
    Our home in East Islip, New York was beautiful and in a nice area
and a great school district.  The taxes and insurance were going up,
so we decided to leave our other family and friends and come where
we could make a living and save for our future.
 
      This year we paid a bit more than $10,000 to replace our windows
with ones that would meet the hurricane code.   Our insurance doubled.
 
       I am on oxygen 24 hrs a day and can no longer work as a nurse.
My Pharmacy just let me know that I'd reached my limit on part D.
and must pay the full price on my meds.
Thank God that my husband is in pretty good health.  Even at 75 yrs.
 
        Groceries and gas are going up.   I am sure there are many others
in our positions and some a lot worse.  When I first went on oxygen and 
couldn't work, I volunteered to help the poor.   I saw how they lived...
pretty much the way I had as a child growing up.
 
      I do not want to go back to living like that.
 
    What are you doing for us?
 
Margaret Dargaignon
1512 Price Circle W.
Clearwater, Fl., 33764 
From:	Rustin G. Jackson <rustingjacks@comcast.net>
Sent:	Thursday, July 6, 2006 4:46 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Will (Can) Congress Enforce the Constitution of the United Sates
Attachments:	response2HIDTAQuash.pdf

Honorable Personage,
 
Having to represent Myself as my present living house are due to Violations and I do refuse to be a Citizen in the State I am located in due to said Violations and am staying in order to see my successful prosecution of case 3:04-CV-000344 in Federal Court, though I have no doubt the state would be improved by my Citizenship, there are some groups I'm better off without.  Therefore I ask you the Governing Group as a 'Federal Citizen' to act and answer my subject question.  As in if the Congress cannot enforce the Constitution (the oath of every United States Soldier) I'll know what actions or measure I need to take.
 
I have reported these incident of one Agent Kidder of the F.B.I. and he basically asked if I, "had acted out at a superior" (I assume he meant a deputy).  I state here and now, for you to acknowledge, that law enforcement officers are not "superior" to me, or to anyone else, especially if they are operating outside the LAW itself.  I am a very Law (as in Law unto itself) abiding person and always have been.  Not only have I served in the R.O.T.C. and Tennessee National Guard, I've had Top Secret Clearances and also have worked on ONDCP/CTAC contracts for a number of years (and I have seen during that time that Law Enforcement would rather hide their activity from the Public, the government of America, and the Courts of America).  I also state I have been greater than any employment that I have had (else to  reason I wouldn't have been hired to begin with and only tell you this to inform you of my wide range of experience and that I've seen this issue from all perspectives ), I also preformed the Job well (andwith many credits given to me) and when my ancestors arrived in America the Declaration of Independence and the United States Constitution were still eating grass, and if you don't believe that any individual is greater than the those that serve that person, tell me now as Congress, the House or as Governor, that I may know (believe that I've already met corruption). 
 
It has been brought to my personal attention that individuals and groups within the law enforcement agencies are acting outside and in violation of the Law itself, working only to their own gratification.  Two things that the Governing Body must do with haste:
 
1.  Ensure that no person is searched by any Law Enforcement or other Person for the reason for the Safety of the Searcher.
         a. if there has been no crime committed the 4th Amendment prohibits searching of property or persons, 
            Congress has to enforce the 4th.  There is no difference between a mugging of a U.S. Mail Carrier
            and a search of this sort.  (Of course the 4th Amendment requires a warrant, but the initial crime in these matters
            are the search itself).  Suspicious person is not a crime.
        b. If the police are ready to cross the line in this matter as many corrupt deputies are, a charge of resisting arrest
            after the searchee has been battered is sure to follow.
        c. That NO ENFORCEMENT AGENCIES are allowed to call targets of individuals because those same agencies deem these
            individuals to be threats to their interests. (Neither in campaign or in Enforcement or in action) as in the first statement basically
            an official says "I'll arrest this guy."  Even mass media has made this evident, it has to be "nipped in the bud" and Congress
            has to do it.  Apparently I was targeted because a new deputy was trying to make a name for himself back at the turn of the millennium
            (made even odder as the deputy had left a much higher paying and more prestigious position than the sheriff's office can offer and ensuingly engaged
            the department in Conspiracies against Constitutional Rights).
 
 
2.    That Law Enforcement Officers must be Upstanding.  Few are.  One may note this by the absence of Law Enforcement officials home phone numbers and         
        addresses in public registries (my work against Organized Crime and Drug Cartels was publicly touted, published in paper (a paper on Internal Security) and 
        internet and the greatest threat against me has been a response from Law Enforcement),  Question first the enforcement and then the accuser, too many             think they speak fact.  Abolish immunity of Judge and State, then Civil Action may stand in the stead (and don' t pay more subsidies to make up the 
        difference, and the coiner of nation, it is a pressure that can be used wisely).  Entities will soon rid themselves of the faulty individuals that would cost them 
        so much.
            a. Apparently there are BOLO's (Be On the LookOut for), A.P.B., Record Flagging and alerts that law enforcement use that are never recorded or reported 
                to courts and public databases.  The ability to create these "Flags" must be taken out of Sheriff's Offices and put through a court system before they
                are disseminated (as they are viewed as unofficial warrants) and not solely within the hands of Law Enforcement.
            b. Official and Unofficial National organizations of the government (i.e. HIDTA and FOP respectively) either need insurance of the obedience of the same                 organizations aforementioned in this paragraph to the Law Itself and monitoring by an outside agency or need to be disbanded (especially in this age 
                of information exchange and due to the wide range they include so many members spanning a wide range of hierarchical levels on a nationwide level. 
                A government must monitor itself fully before it even ponders monitoring another.  Strategist Sun Tzu ( if you don' t know yourself, you've lost a 50%     
                chance of winning the battle, if you don't know your opponent you've lost the other 50% chance of winning the war) and (mine, If you are 
                unknowingly your own opponent you have no chance of winning the battle.)
 
Knowing that the Federal Prisons will be filled in enforcing the Constitution upon Law Enforcement in these matters, but then the United State will have a cleaner and leaner structure in these matters.  Seriously, what is the United State of America besides the defense and enforcement of the 4th Amendment?  The original purpose to the immigration and formation of the States being the ability to insure a person or package would make across the American Continent unmolested, unsearched and unhindered.  It is a good purpose, can we not reestablish and reaffirm that purpose, saying that the United States has gained some maturity, or is the nation truly bent on the path of self destruction?  It is up to you to turn the weapon of unscheduled paranoia and enforcement acting without the law, parading a patriotism that has raised it's head and disarm it.  No sane person would attack a country that allowed personages to cross it unmolested, either in pleasure or business, and the world may actually protect such a nation.   Understand the United States Governing body was only allowed to govern because it had promised the Dignity of the People.  A government that has been reduced to questioning "the safety of the people" has historically always met a bad end.  Act Now, or tell me you cannot.
 
Rustin G. Jackson  (805)201-6887  http://home.comcast.net/~rustingjacks/
 
Post Script: (Each of you are to be congratulated for publishing your email address, I consider such unabashed availability to
contact to be a sign of an upstanding individual, and impressive in one that has a constituency. I thank you as I had the same words 
for each of you.)
 
Post Post Script:  It also might be a good idea to check and see why law enforcement wished software contracted by CTAC not to be linked to court databases.
_____________________________________________________________
 
Jack and Jill went up the hill with laughter 
to fetch their father a pail of Mead, 
two of Woden's hounds sure came down to heed,
and chased them round the sky ever after.
_______________________________________________________
 
Ponderances properly pronounced probably paralyze.
_______________________________________________________
 
Apologies made to someone is a way to correct course,
and markers to yourself that the previous direction was the wrong way.
Never make an apology that isn't needed nor an apology made in jest,
nor make an apology due to coercion.
_______________________________________________________
 
 
 
 
----- Original Message ----- 
From: Rustin G. Jackson 
To: inspector.general@usdoj.gov ; paffairs@oig.hhs.gov 
Sent: Friday, June 30, 2006 10:19 PM
Subject: Fw: Papers
 
not only did they let HIDTA Quash the day the got the motion without letting me have time to respond,
they also said I didn't respond to the State of Tennessee's motion for dismissal, which I have.
And a corrections officer that was fired for abusing more prisoners than myself apparently 
isn't considered noticed by a signature letter to the sheriff's office where he worked.


in addition to my defendants leaving... I can't seem to turn anyone in.
 
 
----- Original Message ----- 
From: Rustin G. Jackson 
To: Ayersjw@wmconnect.com 
Cc: Tubbs, Robert LTC, HRC-St. Louis 
Sent: Friday, June 30, 2006 4:37 PM
Subject: Re: Papers


Wrong and slanderous, all my paperwork is authentic.  That a few of you have dissuaded legitimate members in order to allow an illicit drug ring within the sanctity of the American Legion (noticeably avoiding symbols of the American Legion itself) is intolerable.  I will do everything I can to see that it is corrected.  All you had to do was hand me my card back, on which event I would destroy it.  It's obvious I don't want to be a member of post #58 given it's self destructive behavior.  Not only that, I don't want it to be in existence.
 
If you don't think my paperwork was authentic and have any basis for that opinion, I demand you contact federal authorities with fraud charges.
 
Of course a slander suit will follow.  The only thing that stick out about you is you loudly and repeatedly asking me in front of other members if I was an FBI agent.  Of course given experience in organized crime, I realize that is a code word to other members stating that i'm not part of your drug ring.  (much like crooked deputies say someone is a HIDTA member)
 
Why do you think I would be upset.  I'm not the one unbalanced here, your entering my domain.
 
----- Original Message ----- 
From: Ayersjw@wmconnect.com 
To: rustingjacks@comcast.net 
Sent: Friday, June 30, 2006 3:12 PM
Subject: Papers


Rustin, I hate that you are upset about all of this and I would ask that you just quit worrying about it.  Look at it this way, about 6 or 7 years ago you had to falsify some paperwork to be able to join the American Legion.  Unknowingly you thought that you were qualified to be a Legion member and you signed an aplication saying so.  I don't think there is any remote possibility that identy theft will take place because of you association with the American Legion...........Jay 
 
 
From:	U S Marshal <hawk41012@southernbell.net>
Sent:	Thursday, July 6, 2006 4:25 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Fw: Ocean Reach Residents: Two state legislature bills

s
----- Original Message ----- STOP these unfair bills
From: <sjgottlieb@bellsouth.net>
To: <board@oroa.org>
Sent: Monday, June 12, 2006 7:28 AM
Subject: Ocean Reach Residents: Two state legislature bills


> Residents of Ocean Reach,
>
> As information, note the information provided through AIA to member 
> organizations.  There are two bills that are significant for Ocean Reach. 
> The first is one that says that Amelia Island is an area that must be 
> evacuated in a Cat 1 Hurricane.  The second says that there should be more 
> development on Amelia Island.
>
> I don't know what the board's position is on alerting OROA homeowners 
> about legislation that could significantly impact them, but I offer it for 
> the board's consideration.
>
> Harvey Slentz
> A1A representaive for Ocean Reach
> Phone: 904.277.6716
> e-Mail: haslentz@aol.com
> -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
> 5/26/06
> I just called and emailed requesting the governor veto 2 new state bills 
> that will accelerate development in Florida - including on barrier islands 
> like Amelia Island that are in a coastal hazard area.   This is being done 
> by having one of the new bills redefine what a Coastal High Hazard Area 
> is.
>
> Ironically while telling all of Amelia Island they must get off the island 
> for every Category 1 Hurricane --in the same bill the state government has 
> declared most of Amelia Island is no longer a Coastal High Hazard Area. 
> Therefore, development is no longer capped at the current Comprehensive 
> plan level by the state.
>
> It is so risky we all have to all get off the island for every hurricane - 
> and simultaneously the state eliminates the development cap.    Does that 
> make any sense - to anyone other than developers?
> See the 1000 Friends of Florida email below and website: 
> http://www.1000friendsofflorida.org/
> You may want to pass this email on to your groups.
>
> Phil Scanlan
> A1A President
> ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
> From: 1000 Friends of Florida
> To: gourdsandboards@hotmail.com
> Sent: Wednesday, May 17, 2006 2:23 PM
> Subject: Please Ask Gov. Bush to Veto Two Damaging Bills
> 1000 Friends Calls on Gov. Bush to Veto Bills Related to Coastal 
> Redevelopment and Agricultural Economic Development
>
> 1000 Friends of Florida, the state's nonprofit growth management watchdog, 
> is calling on Gov. Bush to veto two bills passed by the 2006 Legislature. 
> HB 1359, "Hazard Mitigation for Coastal Redevelopment," makes it easier to 
> develop coastal lands in Florida, particularly in the relatively 
> undeveloped Panhandle. HB 1015, also known as the "Agricultural Economic 
> Development Act," promotes sprawling development in rural, agricultural 
> lands. 1000 Friends Executive Director Charles Pattison notes that both of 
> these bills benefit major developers while harming the taxpayers of 
> Florida.
>
> Your Help Is Needed!
>
> Please Call Gov. Bush at 850-488-4441 (e-mail jeb.bush@myflorida.com) and 
> ask him to veto HB 1359 because it promotes fiscally irresponsible coastal 
> development.
>
> Please also ask Gov. Bush to veto HB 1015 because, in his words, it 
> encourages farmers to "cash out," encourages "the premature conversion of 
> agricultural lands to development," and does not look at growth management 
> comprehensively.
>
> More Information:
>
> Coastal Redevelopment--"The Coastal Redevelopment bill could jeopardize 
> the lives of Floridians and cost taxpayers millions if not billions of 
> dollars when the next major storm hits," says Pattison. Previously, it was 
> fairly difficult to increase the density of allowed development in coastal 
> or "High Hazard" areas, as they are known in emergency management lingo. 
> But under the new law, a developer can get around that requirement by 
> showing that people are able to evacuate the high hazard area within 12 to 
> 16 hours.
>
> Because much of the Panhandle remains relatively undeveloped, this will 
> not be much of a deterrent to new development in North Florida for a 
> number of years to come. "When that next big storm hits, the people of 
> Florida will be left holding the bag," Pattison notes. "Taxpayers will be 
> called on to subsidize the insurance payouts on damaged condos and pay for 
> repairs to the roads, bridges, and other infrastructure that supports all 
> that new development."
>
> "The scenario for much of the rest of the Florida is even more 
> frightening," Pattison explains. Developers in the more densely developed 
> southern parts of the state may not be able to meet the 12- to 16-hour 
> evacuation requirement. However, the new bill is a "developer's dream." 
> Developers can pay the local government an unspecified amount for the 
> right to develop.
>
> Making matters worse, the money does not have to be allocated to road 
> improvements, shelters, or other measures to help with hurricane 
> evacuation-it can go toward anything that the local government decides is 
> "appropriate mitigation." More developed parts of the state are hit by a 
> double whammy with this new legislation, according to Pattison, with the 
> potential loss of lives because people are unable to evacuate to safety, 
> and the costs to taxpayers of rebuilding.
>
> In light of the events of the last two years, Floridians have no excuse 
> for allowing accelerated development in coastal high hazard areas, 
> Pattison explains. He points to headlines of the last few days alone-State 
> Farm calling for a 71.5 percent increase in insurance rates, Allstate 
> announcing it will drop the policies of close to 200,000 customers, the 
> governor signing an insurance bill that will require taxpayers to fork out 
> $1 billion over the next 10 years to cover insurance deficits from recent 
> storms, and a hike in utility bills in South Florida to cover the costs of 
> recent storm damage to utility infrastructure. "If HB 1359 is signed by 
> Gov. Bush, taxpayers need to be prepared to pay higher taxes to subsidize 
> the insurance and rebuilding when all this new development is damaged by 
> the inevitable storms," says Pattison.
>
> Agricultural Economic Development--1000 Friends is also calling for a veto 
> of HB 1015, says Pattison. This controversial legislation allows the 
> conversion of "agricultural enclaves" to urban uses. An agricultural 
> enclave is defined as an agricultural parcel under single ownership that 
> is surrounded on at least 75 percent of its perimeter by existing or 
> designated industrial, commercial, or residential uses.
>
> Pattison points out that similar legislation failed in 2005, and in 2004 
> Governor Bush vetoed a comparable bill. In his veto message, Bush noted 
> that the 2004 legislation could provide an incentive for farmers to "cash 
> out," and encourage "the premature conversion of agricultural lands to 
> development." He also explained that the bill did not look at growth 
> management comprehensively.
>
> "We could not have put it better ourselves," Pattison notes. 1000 Friends 
> is particularly concerned that this bill overrides state rules limiting 
> urban sprawl, and preempts the ability of local governments to decide 
> whether land should be agricultural or urban in use.
>
> "It is also deeply disturbing that this bill was intended primarily to 
> benefit special interests," says Pattison. "By providing a 'safety net' 
> for a few major developers, the legislature has opened up thousands of 
> acres of agricultural lands across the state for premature, sprawling 
> development," explains Pattison.
>
> Pattison asks citizens across the state to call Gov. Bush at 850-488-4441 
> to urge him to veto these developer-friendly bills. "Ask him to put the 
> interests of Florida's taxpayers first."
> --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
> 1000 Friends of Florida, a 501(c)(3) nonprofit organization founded in 
> 1986, serves as the state's growth management watchdog. To find out more, 
> visit www.1000friendsofflorida.org.
>
>
>
>
>
>
> -- 
> No virus found in this incoming message.
> Checked by AVG Free Edition.
> Version: 7.1.394 / Virus Database: 268.8.3/360 - Release Date: 6/9/2006
>
> 

From:	MARIAN SCIRROTTO <mscirrotto318@yahoo.com>
Sent:	Thursday, July 6, 2006 4:16 PM
To:	Mike Scott
Cc:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Fwd: Joseph Ganzel ID# 205767

Dear Mike Scott,
  I sent you an email on June 30th have yet to received acknowledgment of receipt from you.Since then Josephs daughter has been in the hospital again with no medical insurance causing me to loss a week of work caring for her and medical bills amounting to more than 6 months income, I can not even apply for Florida kid care because I am not her parent. My hands are tied and I have begged for help from everyone. I am not asking you to release him now, or suspend his sentence, I am asking for some sort of advise, there must be other options available. This was a misdemeanor VOP not a felony yet he is sitting in a cell in his underwear with murders unable to shower more then a few times a week, Does staff infection run wild in there? He was groped in CORE by an inmate, What happens in your main jail ?
  I was one of the people who believed you were going to clean that cesspool up when you ran for election yet its worst now then before, bail bonds mans are sending letters, community support for my son are receiving nasty responses from someone other than you with the subject: Here's another one! Your stockage is drug infested, gang members who are allowed to walk free with no guards in sight and they make remarks to the visitors as we walk threw, even my son wouldn't sleep in there he slept on cement outside not to be around that filth.
  He was DR'ed because of the statement made by Sgt. Krukowski who has a personal issue with a family member,and a career criminal who should of not been in the life skills program however the inmate disciplinary report has the wrong date it and filled by out by someone else. Most of your staff have been very helpful and have manners which makes me very grateful to them However they can not handle this, Only you can.
  I not trying to be unreasonable, I am asking an elected official for a response on how to handle a situation, I have heard from Governor Bush and Connie Mack and both refer me to you, I wrote you first. I take the time to vote during elections, I do jury duty, I pay way to much in taxes and I follow the rules and laws of this state however  I exercise my rights also.
  My son made a bad choice, even though he was protecting his family prior to the new law instated in October, He has to do the punishments not me. Had this happened later He would have not been prosecuted for battery, The victim kicked a child and said comments that caused this issue and he even thinks the punishment does not fit the crime ask the PO who perjured herself at trial. He was a struggling single dad who was trying to start a new business and now we are losing everything.
  Please grant me due process of a response.
 
Sincerely yours,
Marian Scirrotto

Note: forwarded message attached.

  _____  

Do you Yahoo!?
Get on board. You're invited to try the new Yahoo! Mail Beta.
From:	LANCEGP@aol.com
Sent:	Thursday, July 6, 2006 4:15 PM
To:	GBwayt@aol.com
Cc:	Smokeyant@aol.com; KBowen@nfipstat.com; bregan@reganinsuranceinc.com; president@whitehouse.gov; DRCAVAZOS@aol.com; ycolon@MiamiHerald.com; Gregg.Hultquist@nfs.fiserv.com; heidi.kaibel@nfsmt.com; Governor Jeb Bush; Kim.Berger@nfsmt.com; Out4sushi@aol.com; Poppylp@aol.com; Mary.Ross-Goodnough@nfsmt.com; sorenson.ken@leg.state.fl.us; Sue.Ennis@nfsmt.com; glenn@callutc.com; dwaterscco@yahoo.com
Subject:	Re: Hurricane Wilma Flood Claim for Policy # 99-01282560-2005.

Dear Gerry-

We hope you had a very nice and relaxing vacation.  This e-mail has never been replied to by anyone.  We did get an automated message that you were out of the office and could not read our e-mail.  I am sending it again in case the original e-mail was not maintained in your computer.

We hope to hear from you soon!

Sincerely,
Lance

In a message dated 6/28/06 4:00:06 PM, writes:



In a message dated 6/26/06 9:53:38 AM, GBwayt writes:


I'm concluding this file and will advise the WYO of my findings and recommendations accordingly.
 
Gerald Waytowich
Claims Supervisor
NFIP-Bureau& Statistical Agent



Dear Gerry-

Thanks very much for responding.  I just hope that with the deluge of floods in the Maryland/Northeast states, your company will not send you off to the newest disasters before finalizing Lisa's claim.

Hopefully, your file contains everything.  Many documents, pictures, reports and evidence was sent by e-mail and/or fax to many different people and offices in Montana, Maryland, Mobile, Pennsylvania, etc.  Lisa's massive photo album and dozens of letter sized photos were submitted to the Marathon Field Office.  We also submitted CD's to Jim with nearly 75 pictures as well as many e-mails and copies of records.

Lisa's files should qualify for frequent flier mileage since they have been sent from Florida to Montana, then sent to New Orleans, sent to Mobile, sent to you in Hammond Louisiana, Federal Expressed to Marathon, sent back to Hammond, sent to Maryland and Montana, etc.  We don't know what was sent to UTC in Pennsylvania and to the purported engineer in Pensacola.

The claim in its entirety supports a Total Loss Flood Claim.  If you don't have everything, you may be making a decision on a file with redacted and purged documents and evidence.

The engineer's report from UTC was a joke with so many errors and misrepresentations that we were never allowed to correct.  One of the statements by the Paid Engineer is that anything above 23 inches was a Windstorm Claim.  Lisa just had Citizens reopen her claim over a month ago and they determined there was NO WINDSTORM damage as stated in the Engineer's report and have declined her claim stating that it was all Flood Damage and that the THREE storm surges and flooding had caused the undermining and shifting of the foundation causing all of the damage as claimed.

Can you give us a date as to when this claim will be concluded?  Also, we again offer another Engineer's Report and offer to provide you with any of the missing documentation and evidence.

Sincerely,

Lance G. Paskewich
305-596-5344
Cell:  305-978-6433


From:	Chris Gilcher <cgilcher@tampabay.rr.com>
Sent:	Thursday, July 6, 2006 4:12 PM
To:	gburgess@miamidade.gov; MATILDE@miamidade.gov; VVS@miamidade.gov; susy@miamidade.gov; am13@miamidade.gov; ASANCHE@miamidade.gov; spizano@miamidade.gov
Cc:	lavanyar@bestfriends.org; Governor Jeb Bush; Jean Gilcher; Alison Blanco; Carey Gilcher; Sarah Holland; William BJ Gilcher; JWeaver@tampatrib.com; RMaas@tampatrib.com; BSteele@tampatrib.com; floridian@sptimes.com; national@sptimes.com; local@sptimes.com
Subject:	URGENT REGARDING "HIGHWAY" THE DOG PROTECTOR -- A TRUE HERO

Dear Ladies and Gentlemen-

It is extremely disturbing to read the article posted at
http://network.bestfriends.org/animallawcoalition/news/5871.html regarding
the dog named "Highway". To summarize, Highway was apparently found on I-95
in Dade County, giving comfort to, caring for and protecting another dog who
lay injured along the roadside. Highway may have shown some "aggression"
(try protectiveness) when approached by animal services while she was
protecting the other dog. Now Highway has been given a death sentence.

How can this be? This dog is a hero. It is without question that she was
scared both for herself and for the safety of the other dog when she was
approached. This dog should be given every chance in the world to be adopted
out to a good home.

Surely there must be someone who can help this special dog in her time of
need.

I will continue to forward this e-mail to other media outlets, including
state and national outlets. I have also copied Governor Bush, who is said to
be a dog lover, on this e-mail.

Best wishes,

Chris Gilcher



IMPORTANT NOTICE: This message and any attachments are solely for the
intended recipient and may contain confidential or privileged information
protected by law. If you are not the intended recipient, any disclosure,
copying, use or distribution of the information included in the message and
any attachments is prohibited. If you have received this communication in
error, please notify us by reply e-mail and immediately and permanently
delete this message and any attachments. Thank You.

From:	Suzana Megles <suzim@n2net.net>
Sent:	Thursday, July 6, 2006 4:01 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Re: down listing the Manatee

Thank you Shahlaine and Governor Bush for being aware that this earth
does not only belong to the human species.  God made us and the animals
and hopefully we learn to live and co-exist in compassionate harmony.
God bless.  ----- Original Message ----- 

From: Governor Jeb Bush 
To: Suzana Megles 
Sent: Thursday, July 06, 2006 10:40 AM
Subject: RE: down listing the Manatee


Dear Friend,

 

Thank you for sharing your concerns about the new science-based process for classifying Florida’s imperiled species.  Governor Bush appreciates your sharing your views and opinions about this important issue and asked me to respond on his behalf.

 

The Florida Fish and Wildlife Conservation Commission (FWC) is using sound science to determine the appropriate classifications for manatees, bald eagles, gopher tortoises and Panama City crayfish.  Regardless of their final determination, the Commission will develop management plans to ensure continued protection and sustainability of these species.  Management plans typically take a year to draft and the process includes public participation.

 

The goal of the Commission is for all imperiled species populations to recover.  As the bald eagle population has recovered substantially, it is appropriate for the species to be removed from the list.  Because the manatee is no longer in imminent danger of extinction, it will be reclassified as threatened.  However, it is important to note that a threatened species by definition still faces a very high risk of extinction.  Even though the species has recovered substantially, the marine mammal will continue to be protected under the new process.

 

The State of Florida and the Florida Fish and Wildlife Conservation Commission are committed to the recovery of our imperiled species.  For more information about the reclassification process, please visit www.myfwc.com.

 

Thank you again for writing and for sharing your concerns with Governor Bush.

 

 

Sincerely, 

 

Shahlaine KhunKhun

Office of Citizens’ Services

 

 

-----Original Message-----
From: Suzana Megles [mailto:suzim@n2net.net]
Sent: Saturday, June 10, 2006 9:54 AM
To: Governor Jeb Bush
Subject: down listing the Manatee


Dear Gov. Bush,
    My sister lives in Florida so I hope I'm given "second hand resident"
status.  I am dismayed that the Florida Wildlife has or is considering
downlisting the small manatee population.  These beautiful gentle 
creatures shouldn't be downlisted - they should be protected and given
protected status.  I understand because of unregulated high speed boats many of them carry scars on their back  from wounds inflicted by propellors.  
   As a Catholic Christian - perhaps I'm in the minority because Christians
don't usually teach compassion to God's animal creatures, I believe that
all creatures are God's first.  Let us treat them as I'm sure He would
want us to.   Thank you.   

From:	gary eller <soulismissing@charter.net>
Sent:	Thursday, July 6, 2006 3:19 PM
To:	governor.rowland@po.state.ct.us; governor@gov.state.ak.us; azgov@azgov.state.az.us; b.owens@state.co.us; ssnyder@state.de.us; Governor Jeb Bush; gov@gov.state.hi.us; governor@state.il.us; tom.vilsack@igov.state.ia.us; governor@ink.org; governor@mail.state.ky.us; governor@state.me.us; governor@gov.state.md.us; GOffice@state.ma.us; governor@govoff.state.ms.us; gov.pataki@chamber.state.ny.us; governor@state.nd.us; governorkeating@email.com; rigov@gov.state.ri.us; governor@govoepp.state.sc.us; sdgov@state.sd.us; dsundquist@mail.state.tn.us; governor@state.ut.us; governor.locke@governor.wa.gov; governor@governor.state.wv.us; wisgov@gov.state.wi.us; Governor@missc.state.wy.us
Subject:	voting rights

the link below is a vid of clinton curtis the man who created the program for the electronic voting machines in 2004 , you know the ones that were fraudulent, they got george w in office. it was a crime. i am sending this info to all media outlets, congress, the house of reps,  and the people @ the un...please start paying attn.
 
http://video.google.com/videoplay?docid=8112825559202389150&q=Clinton+Curtis
From:	Pricher Barbara <barbara.pricher@baycare.org>
Sent:	Thursday, July 6, 2006 3:11 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Cost of living in Florida prohibitive for Registered Nurses

Dear Governor Bush,
I am the manager of a large Intensive Care Unit in Tampa. Recently, I have
become alarmed with the number of Registered Nurses
that I hear talking about moving out of Florida due to exorbitant cost of
housing in the state. Just today, I have heard that another insurance
company is requesting an increase of 71%. If this goes through, as all the
rest have so far, I fear that this will further impact the decision of those
nurses already vacillating over moving out of our state. As a profession
that is already in crisis due to the aging population and nursing shortage,
this profession cannot afford to have a mass exodus from this state. Or
should I put it another way, this state cannot afford to have a mass exodus
of these essential service personnel.  Although the Florida Legislature
passed an affordable housing bill this year, this is just a start. In order
to keep up with the cost of living, nurse's salaries would need to increase
exponentially,  which in turn would increase the cost of healthcare which is
already out of control. This has to stop somewhere. Please say "no" to
further demands of the insurance industry. We have been a lucrative market
for these companies for years. It is now time for these very companies to
show some compassion and help us develop an affordable solution. Thank you
for your time.
Sincerely,
Barbara J. Pricher, RN, BSN
Manager
Intensive Care Unit
sSt. Joseph's Hospital
Confidential:  This electronic message and all contents contain information
from BayCare Health System which may be privileged, confidential or otherwise
protected from disclosure.  The information is intended to be for the addressee
only.  If you are not the addressee, any disclosure, copy, distribution or use
of the contents of this message is prohibited.  If you have received this
electronic message in error, please notify the sender and destroy the original
message and all copies.
From:	Amrhein, Brenda <Brenda.Amrhein@disney.com>
Sent:	Thursday, July 6, 2006 2:18 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	George's Birthday

Importance:	High

Good Afternoon Jeb,
 
Don't forget to send your brother George a Birthday Wish today!

Brenda AmRhein 
Procurement Sourcing Representative 
Disney Sourcing and Procurement 
Disney Worldwide Services 
407-828-1509/TIE 8-262-1509 
Fax 407-828-1807 

 
From:	Bevis, Buddy <bevisb@doacs.state.fl.us>
Sent:	Thursday, July 6, 2006 1:44 PM
To:	jborew@bellsouth.net; Governor Jeb Bush
Cc:	Bronson, Charles H.; Rhodes, Terry
Subject:	RE: south Carolina

Good Afternoon Mr. Borew,
 
I am with the Division of Licensing, Florida Department of Agriculture and Consumer Services.  We are responsible for the Concealed Weapons program for the State of Florida.
 
It appears you are changing your state of residence to South Carolina.  While there are requirements concerning your driver's license, the move to South Carolina should not effect the status of your Florida Concealed Weapons permit.
 
Unless things have changes recently, South Carolina will not honor your Florida permit, whether you are a resident of Florida or a South Carolina resident.  You will need a south carolina permit if you are a resident of South Carolina.
 
However, I would recommend you keep your Florida CW permit because Florida has reciprocity with 29 other states.  Your South Carolina license is only recognized by 9 other states.  You can change your address and get a duplicate Florida license for only $15 should you want a replacement license with your South Carolina address.
 
I must also say, two states of the twenty nine, Michigan and New Hampshire, will honor a Florida permit, but only if you are a Florida resident.  So, if your residence is South Carolina, Michigan will not honor your Florida license.  New Hampshire does not have reciprocity with South Carolina, therefore your South Carolina permit is not good in that state.
 
You have already spent the money in Florida, I would recommend keeping it, but change your address for $15.
 
I have placed a link to our web site, and a link to South Carolina's web site for your convenience concerning information on each of our programs.
 
Florida
http://licgweb.doacs.state.fl.us/news/concealed_carry.html
 
South Carolina
http://www.sled.state.sc.us/sled/default.asp?Category=sccwp&Service=menu
 
I hope this helps,
Buddy Bevis
 
 
 
 
MICHIGAN and NEW HAMPSHIRE will honor the Florida license ONLY IF the license holder is a legal resident of Florida
 

-----Original Message-----
From: Boxold, Jim On Behalf Of Commissioner Bronson
Sent: Thursday, July 06, 2006 11:04 AM
To: Bevis, Buddy
Cc: Rhodes, Terry
Subject: FW: south carolina



From the Commissioner's email.

 

 

-----Original Message-----
From: Governor Jeb Bush [mailto:Jeb.Bush@MyFlorida.com] 
Sent: Wednesday, July 05, 2006 12:25 PM
To: J Borew
Cc: Commissioner Bronson
Subject: RE: south carolina

 

Governor Bush has received your e-mail and has asked me to respond on his behalf.

 

To better assist you with this concern, I am forwarding your correspondence to the Commissioner of Agriculture and Consumer Services Charles Bronson for review and response.  You should hear from someone in his office.

 

Thank you for writing and do not hesitate to write again on matters of concern or interest to you.

 

Sincerely,

 

Rex T. Newman

Citizens’ Services

-----Original Message-----
From: J Borew [mailto:jborew@bellsouth.net]
Sent: Tuesday, July 04, 2006 1:28 AM
To: Governor Jeb Bush
Subject: south carolina

i live in hobe sound fla . i have a driver license and concealed weapons license, i bought a home in south carolina to stay at during the huricane season,  i have been told by south carolina i can not get a permit there as long as i keep my fla drivers lic, i must have a south carolina drivers license. if i give up my fla drivers lic, and get all south carolina tags and drivers license, i can still apply for a fla non res. gun license.. do you know of any way around this

 

                           thank you benjamin borew

 

 

 

p.s. keep up the good work you and your brother are doing a great job

From:	Suzie Flournoy <noxsw8@mac.com>
Sent:	Thursday, July 6, 2006 1:44 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Attachments:	Retirement.doc

Dear Governor Bush;
Please read the attached document.

From:	Dale, Kimberly
Sent:	Thursday, July 6, 2006 1:43 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	RE: Speech at Florida Reading Coaches Conference

This was sent to Just Read, Florida.  We are fup'ing with them to be sure it was handled.
KD

-----Original Message-----
From: Governor Jeb Bush 
Sent: Monday, July 03, 2006 10:35 AM
To: Dale, Kimberly
Subject: FW: Speech at Florida Reading Coaches Conference


 
-----Original Message-----
From: Julie Brannam [mailto:jabrannam@comcast.net]
Sent: Friday, June 30, 2006 9:45 PM
To: Governor Jeb Bush
Subject: Fw: Speech at Florida Reading Coaches Conference


Hello, Governor Bush,
Did you receive the email below?  I thought that maybe one of your aides might have read the emails and deleted it before you saw it.  You did tell me that your assistant would get a video copy of your speech to me. You even gave me your card with your personal email address on it to contact you in case I didn't get it.  I didn't want to bother you, however. I will do as you asked if this email address is not getting through to you or your chief assistant.
Thank you for helping me with this request.
Sincerely,
Julie Brannam
PS  By the wayI did vote for you in the general elections!
----- Original Message ----- 
From: Julie Brannam 
To: jeb.bush@myflorida.com 
Sent: Saturday, June 10, 2006 3:54 PM
Subject: Speech at Florida Reading Coaches Conference

Dear Governor Bush,
You gave a speech to over 2000 Florida Reading Coaches at the Annual Reading Coaches Academy last August at Disney World in Orlando.  During your speech you talked at length about San Jose Elementary and about my accomplishments as the school's Reading First Coach.
 
When I spoke to you, personally, after the session, you agreed to send me a video of your speech.  I would sincerely appreciate receiving the video of that speech.  
 
I recently retired after 37 years as a teacher and principal in the Duval County Public School System.  It would be so kind of you to provide that tape to me as a reminder that I did made a difference in the lives of Florida's children over my lifetime - at least as far as my Governor is concerned!
 
Also, I believe with all my heart that you will be my President in the near future, so I would like to have it for my family.
 
I have been a Democrat my entire life, but I have supported and voted for many Republicans over the years. I vote for the "person" and their values.  You are certainly the man that our country needs as President of the United States!  You  have my vote - whether it is for the U.S. Senate or the White House - and a lot of people seem to respect my opinion!
 
Thank you, in advance, for getting the video tape to me.  I will be glad to pay any incurred cost of course.
 
Sincerely,
 
Julia A. Brannam, Ed.D.
jabrannam@comcast.net
9252 San Jose Blvd.  # 802 Solano Grove
Jacksonville, FL  32257

From:	Craig Eifert <cgeifert99@yahoo.com>
Sent:	Thursday, July 6, 2006 1:05 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush; jeb@jeb.org; Wise, Steve; king.james.web@flsenate.gov; Jordan, Stan
Subject:	[*] Homeowner's Insurance Policies

Gentlemen,
 
When I built my Fl. dream home in 1994, my homeowner’s insurance policy cost $250 / year. It covered earth movements and replacement value without deduction for hurricanes. Today my nationwide policy costs almost $1000 and it doesn't cover nearly as much. In fact the hurricane deductible will ensure that if Jacksonville has a hurricane, I will be in debt long into my retirement. This situation is unacceptable. 
 
When I called the Fl. Dept of Financial Services, I was shuttled around to the perfect government employee who read me the "law". Basically, if the company can prove they need an increase, then they should have an increase. I wish my government pay would be as easy to adjust!  Hey W. goods and services are going up. How about a 71% pay raise to cover the expense of living. I need a livable wage and a bass boat!  If the law needs to be changed, then let's call a special session and change the law concerning insurance rates and coverage. Just say no to greedy insurance companies doing business in Florida. 
 
Craig G. Eifert
2092 Magnus Lane
Jacksonville, FL.
32246 
 
 

  _____  

Yahoo! Music Unlimited - Access over 1 million songs. Try it free. 
From:	Vicki Williams <Sillyvikky@Earthlink.com>
Sent:	Wednesday, July 5, 2006 12:51 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Cc:	Sillyvikky@Earthlink.net
Subject:	[*] 

You know it so funny one up stairs could talk about warrants........tiring to scar me.  Sir they were hired in........  Lawyers.  To murder in your jail sir....... I try to sue the state and there ones that stocking me.  Tiring to make me give up my job.  Why would news stock sir........... who children is who's.  One know they went threw my ear........... to take it to the court house ...........what about jail sir.  Red ink....... I just ran out ink........... but to threaten....... is the sheriff department trying to sell the disk of rape.......... Lawyers are doing the crime............... and the sheriff department helping.  I am not the animal one created........... decant let that lose.  To take Mrs..... Steffen stomach........ and use a lawyer.......  there was poison every were........... I am being denied my United State freedom.  Jack Thompson has a trailer in Gainesville why.......... why did those female die............ a monkey Karen has.............. for religious when a female was forced............stocked.  Paranoid........drugged.  Each place I went there was a Kelly.......... Thompson.   There stealing females eggs........the child in the closet born sir.......... Jack Thompson and Buford.......... those girl were children.  He was hired in to hurt me from a funeral home.  You think it funny to be hypnotized.  High up did the crime............ only sat back and waited.  About time I seen a cop........but when is he going to do his job.  Or is it to evoking up stairs in to murder......... this is personal........... like George Post family.  What about the murder past Wal-Mart........ a homeless person.......... a name.  How much insurance.  Why were there only 4 pictures my mother carried.......of children getting there portraits done............. were did the children come from in between.  Mr..... Decant........... were you stealing children back then.  Are those the cops that enjoy the young model....... is there video of that also.  When do I stop being in the wrong place...........  Jack Thompson was selling children................. Karen baby born in a closet.  One replace children of the high up......... my ear sir........... I should have to listen to no priest.  I wrote the poetry........take credit...after something wrote.  Filthy movies of children are being sold.............. drugging United States men in to not controlling them self.  One wanted me to complain.............. Teach me hate........... I have a right to be normal and not mean.  prejudice.......to get away with saying murder......... I am 42 years old no one has a right to teach or take advantage of another human being.  One squished my head.......... I heard a snap and then everything I forgot came back.  One was replaced by queer........... to destroy.  One want my house to continue using my name............... 
From:	john eiserman <johnny.eiserman@crowley.com>
Sent:	Thursday, July 6, 2006 12:48 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	my 2 cents

well since we have a no shirt no shoes no service law established for eating places why not add no shorts no pants around your ankles so your underwear shows law, i'm just tired of seeing crack....  thanks! 
From:	Carlos Martinez <iglesia21@hotmail.com>
Sent:	Thursday, July 6, 2006 12:19 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	[*]

St Petersburg, Fla                                                                        07-2006
 
 
  dear Srs,
 
 Im sending a copy of a letter or customer fedback sent to that department for Sears, the retail bussines about something that calls my attention.
You may take into consideration the meaning of this fedback. I think levels keep lowenig and lowening in general for this Land because of this kind of matters.

                                                                                                   respects, Carlos
 
 
 
St Petersburg, Fla                                                                                 07-2006
 
 
    dear Srs, Sear customer service department,

 I was applying to get a job in one of your stores, Tyrone Square Mall, in St Petersburg, Fla. 
I had the interview there, but it seems that I wont be the afortunate. There is something still that calls my attention.
Why Sears hire employers without enough preparation, without skills in languages or some others, with so low cultural or academic level?
Sears is still a very important company, in the retail bussiness. I think they entered in association, but it seems that they do not care about the kind of people they hire.
I can notice most of their employers do not know more that English, their mother tonge, why?
On the other side, the lower the levels, the more experience on such matters as on how to take or keep a job as a bussines inside another one. The store is not suppouse to be enough experienced on such matters?
I can myself 3 or 4 languages, but my levels in the knowledge or sofistication on how to get or keep a job in the USA does not reach until that very point.
Taking away my problem, that maybe I got a lot of them, why do not gift the effort, and allow corruption as if normal?
There is nothing the store can do, because of levels in every place, for example?
Why do not force the present employers in all those companies only specializing in different matters to study languages, for example, better cutomer relations, experiences in the retail bussines in different places or countries, etc ?.
To study a language takes time and effort, but to use the mind in creating levels to accomodate for nothing, it seems the norm for the USA nowdays.
Why dont you pay less in dollars?. Maybe it will bring more concentration in studies and better standards for this extrange for the past times Land.
 

                                                                                             with respects, Carlos   
  
iglesia21@hotmail.com
From:	Vicki Weston <Vicki.Weston@worldpub.net>
Sent:	Thursday, July 6, 2006 12:18 PM
To:	gmarvin@flains.org
Cc:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	[*] NATIONWIDE INSURANCE

Dear Mr. Marvin,

 

Like many Floridians I heard the news last night regarding Nationwide’s request for a 71% increase in home insurance premiums.   I am not certain you are the person for me to be contacting but I need to begin somewhere.    Obviously as a consumer receiving a 3% annual pay increase this year an increase like this from my insurance company is a concern.   Regardless of the payouts that Nationwide has been forced to make in the past couple of years they are still a company who made a profit in 2005.   Like all insurance companies they have collected premiums for many years making it one of the wealthiest industries in the country.   How can a rate increase like this even be considered by your council or the commissioner?  

 

I am looking for advice as to what we as citizens of Florida and customers of Nationwide can do to prevent this from happening.   I appreciate any feedback from you or the Governor.

 

Thank you for your time.

 

Best regards,

 

 

Vicki Weston

Apopka, FL 

 

From:	alfredblueflamee@aol.com
Sent:	Thursday, July 6, 2006 11:56 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Children Drowning and Education

Dear Gov. Bush
 
It is with great honor that tremendous value allows me to address you Sir. Having been informed that the state of Florida is a leader in the amount of fatal drownings of young people. The information attached to this e-mail when applied by parents may aid the practice of letting the child swim as soon as it is born. All human life began with a swim. Not only are humans great swimmers @ birth. But unlimited amounts of other tallents become less thriving  when not approched and nourished @ birth also. To allow the parent to become more aware of infant power let me introduce Kahphr pronounced ' catchfire ': It initially takes only a few seconds to began the magnificant one of a kind experience with the new born child. We provide steps for the lifetime. Please either try this yourself or have me personally demonstrate this technique. It is not swimming, but it my help the parent decide to put that child in the water @ birth. Here is the first step for Kahphr:
 
At the moment of birth put the baby in the palm of the hand on it's stomach. Place the thumb under one armpit and the index finger under the other armpit. Let the pointer finger move freely to comfort the baby. Wrist of between the leggs of the baby. Make sure you and baby are comfortable. Note every action the child is about to display. It is best down with music while you make intelligent conversation with the child. You will experience the child control itself from  serious eye activity, head and entire body coordinations down to the feet around your wrist.
  _____  

MailScanner has detected a possible fraud attempt from "pr.atwola.com" claiming to be Check out AOL.com today. Breaking news, video search, pictures, email and IM. All on demand. Always Free.

From:	Roxanne Nadolsky <iroxnow@aol.com>
Sent:	Thursday, July 6, 2006 11:41 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Safeguard State Sovereignty in Global Trade Talks

Dear Governor,
I am writing to express my concern about the threat that services negotiations at the World Trade Organization (WTO) pose to state sovereignty. This week, federal trade negotiators are in Geneva talking about how to expand the WTO’s General Agreement on Trade in Services (GATS).

Governors in other states have begun to weigh on these talks by requesting that the U.S. Trade Representative (USTR) exempt their states from the proposed expansion of this agreement.  

I respectfully urge you to notify USTR Robert Portman that: 1) Our state does not agree to be bound by any new service sector commitments in ongoing WTO GATS negotiations (such as higher education); and 2) Our state does not support the development of new GATS rules that would create new grounds for the challenge of nondiscriminatory state laws in the service sector. 

Thank you for your consideration of this timely and important issue.

Sincerely,

Roxanne Nadolsky
14964 Wildflower Lane
Delray Beach, FL 33446

From:	JTovine@aol.com
Sent:	Thursday, July 6, 2006 11:09 AM
To:	1jules@myway.com; birdhavn@infionline.net; argenziano.nancy.web@flsenate.gov; skink7@direcway.com; blackfoot5150@hotmail.com; bolduc419@hotmail.com; jizz5454@yahoo.com; carinsanderson@yahoo.com; casey@casheyshow.com; Dean, Charles; events@hdcrystalriver.com; chip@radiogypsies.com; conda8@aol.com; cphillips@chronicleonline.com; DUNNREAL@aol.com; white2819@bellsouth.net; dawn_195@msn.com; DBrockway@elgar.com; dmills2@tampabay.rr.com; djack1@mindspring.com; dennis.damato@bocc.citrus.fl.us; DKoehn@tampatrib.com; editor@crystalrivercurrent.com; ERY2112@aol.com; fmcbride@tampabay.rr.com; pat.fowler@earthlink.net; frank.stanfield@starbanner.com; fwwamy@yahoo.com; gary.bartell@bocc.citrus.fl.us; Geminitv@aol.com; sanchez@sptimes.com; graphicshprint@earthlink.net; smigelh@yahoo.com; jdawsy@sheriffcitrus.org; Governor Jeb Bush; jeromethebassist@yahoo.com; jim.fowler@bocc.citrus.fl.us; JMCBRID@jud5.flcourts.org; john@physicalgraffiti.us; Joyce.valentino@bocc.citrus.fl.us; jseffern@sheriffcitrus.org; Dkscorns@aol.com; Okeefe0630@aol.com; keylime@netsignia.net; Taglady40@yahoo.com; letters@chronicleonline.com; ZELDA@TAMPABAY.RR.COM; itsok2beme01@yahoo.com; mrklnsfrd@yahoo.com; mirarr@earthlink.net; angelsea58@yahoo.com; MKISH5@tampabay.rr.com; mpanick@tampabay.rr.com; Mystic219@access4less.net; nerissa@designsbynerissa.com; OLD33@aol.com; pdeaton@crystalriverfl.org; the_hangman_gypsy01@msn.com; rheim52@earthlink.net; rebekah@wmcwc.com; rlaxton@tampabay.rr.com; rprestr1@tampabay.rr.com; itkahuna@gmail.com; mcraig02@tampabay.rr.com; ttocs@tampabay.rr.com; Tampabayeditor@aol.com; vicki.phillips@bocc.citrus.fl.us; wagnert@citrus.k12.fl.us; wells.judy.s03@flsenate.gov; bluzboy@worldnet.att.net
Subject:	Benefit for Citrus Abuse Shelter Asso.(C.A.S.A.)

The Gypsy's Den along with Harley-Davidson of Crystal River will be having The Gypsy's Den's 3rd Annual Benefit for C.A.S.A.(Citrus Abuse Shelter Association) on Saturday, July 22nd,2006 starting at 8pm until 12am.
 
There will be prizes,raffles,50/50 drawing with free pizza from Pizza Hut of Crystal River.
The Gypsy's Den's Houseband,Emerald Gypsy will perform live that evening as well.
 
There will be a $5 cover at the door with portions of the proceeds to benefit C.A.S.A.
Donations of paper products,personal hygiene products,non-perishable food,diapers,etc. will be graciously accepted.
For more info contact Jane Davis at The Gypsy's Den: 564-9595 or Cheryl Puterbaugh at Harley-Davidson: 563-9900 
Drop off for donations can be delivered to The Gypsy's Den Tuesday thru Saturday after 4pm, or at Harley-Davidson from 9am-6pm.
 
From:	POPPOA629@aol.com
Sent:	Thursday, July 6, 2006 10:27 AM
To:	dianerowden@tampabay.rr.com; DROWDEN@Co.Hernando.Fl.Us; Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Check out Hernando: Deputies stay busy on Fourth holiday

Hernando: Deputies stay busy on Fourth holiday

Dear Diane:
Another horrible year with fireworks and yet the commission seems to do nothing despite my endless efforts to have sometime done in this matter. I know you were working with me some time back to stop them, yet I never heard back from you. Were you not going to get back to me after checking out Pinellas County and Polk county and their law preventing firecrackers?.......You never followed through Diane and I get so tired of always contacting you time after time to no avail.....
Whatever  happened? This year was another living hell. Read the attached and Sheriff Nugent's comments.
When is Hernando County going to act as did these other counties?
When is the State of Florida going to put a stop to this instead of having a stupid law on the books that says you can buy them but you can't fire them off. What is wrong with this picture. How can this be????????
Please respond as I have not heard back from you in quite some time.
Thanks, Al Poppo
poppoa629@aol.com  
From:	Bill Warshauer <corporate@patobriens.com>
Sent:	Thursday, July 6, 2006 10:05 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Navarre Beach

Importance:	High

Please Please don’t let this happen to your state, we have so much at risk and we have had years of continued damage and rebuilding.  This could be personally devastating to millions of coastal people financially, Bill Warshauer

\

 

NAVARRE BEACH RESTORATION STILL ON HOLD 

The US Army Corps of Engineers (Corps) has shut down the Navarre Beach Restoration Project until at least late October. I received this information during a phone call last evening from Peter Ravella of Coastal Technology, Santa Rosa County’s consultant on the beach restoration project. 

The sand dredging operation on Navarre Beach had been suspended since a juvenile loggerhead turtle was killed early Saturday morning July 1. The Corps conducted a risk assessment of the project and its two dredges, the R.N. Weeks and B.E. Lindholm earlier this week before halting the project. 

The dead turtle discovered Saturday was the third one killed by a dredge since Weeks Marine the contractor started the project on March 17. 

Coastal Technology sent a letter of reconsideration yesterday (Wednesday) to the Corps as an appeal. It is my understanding that Coastal Technology is basing their appeal on some of the following: 

• To modify the Corps’s dredging permit until October 1. 

• To Allow Weeks Marine to resume dredging for 15 days to fill in the 
remaining 1,400 feet of beach and extend the 14 foot high dune system the entire length of the project. 

• To complete the beach restoration project, because only 6 loggerhead turtles have been killed by dredging in 2006 in the entire Gulf of Mexico from Key West, FL to Brownsville, TX. That the Gulf of Mexico is allowed to kill by dredging 40 loggerhead turtles, and that the entire Gulf of Mexico has not exceeded the limit required by the Corps and the National Marine Fisheries Service. 

In my opinion the appeal letter is a good faith effort on the part of Coastal Technology and Santa Rosa County. I think the chances of reversing the appeal to the Corps are slim to none. However, I think we have an excellent chance in getting the stop order reversed by winning the battle of public opinion. The Corps has to answer to Congress. I will be organizing today a letter and e-mail blitz to send to our US Representatives, Senators, President Bush, Governor Bush and the Director of the US Corps of Engineers. 

I will post on this forum later today a suggested letter to send to the above mentioned public officials along with corresponding mailing addresses and e-mail addresses. I’m very sorry about the killing of 3 turtles at Navarre Beach, but leaving a 1,400 foot gap in the middle of our 3.6 mile beach during hurricane season could have disastrous results in millions of dollars of property damage if we are hit by a hurricane or tropical storm. This uncompleted 1,400 gap would cause major flooding to the east and west of the entire 3.6 miles of beach. 

The shrimp industry is allowed to kill about 3,500 turtles annually with their trawlers in the waters of the Gulf of Mexico. And our beach restoration has been stopped because of 3 turtles killed in the dredging operation. I don’t understand the reasoning here. 

“We the People” can convince our representatives in Congress to do the right thing and use a little common sense and give us 14 more days to complete the last 1,400 feet of our beach. Let’s Roll! 




 

 

From:	AnitaKroha@aol.com
Sent:	Thursday, July 6, 2006 9:42 AM
To:	dpennington@1000fof.org; BobReidFL@aol.com; Governor Jeb Bush
Cc:	Wildfed@aol.com; CaptFrankAdams@aol.com; terrell@terrellkarlineattorney.com; Jdalligator@aol.com; Tortfarm2@aol.com; flabirder@cox.net; jbarkuloo@knology.net; sberg5@cox.net; sawman9955@cox.net; artstwo@juno.com; RBoone9235@aol.com; jenbrock@nettally.com; rex49brog43@defuniak.com; ralf@ralfbrookesattorney.com; LPBesq@cox.net; penroseiii@cox.net; jcampbell@co.okaloosa.fl.us; bj@chandler123.com; appraiser_dan@msn.com; mathilda@cox.net; steph@titleworks.gccoxmail.com; dannyd2@hughes.net; mcdavis@bsc.net; cdemers@ifas.ufl.edu; billdill@cox.net; ldombrova@verizon.net; edraper@audubon.org; Tvplus4@aol.com; fauton@bellsouth.net; SEGPA@aol.com; CGluckman@aol.com; mjgo@mail.ifas.ufl.edu; rgsengsg@aim.com; dguest@earthjustice.org; hamann@law.ufl.edu; HASTINGSF@aol.com; jameshigman@hotmail.com; shillsfl@cox.net; rhilsenbeck@tnc.org; amhufford@cox.net; johnhedrick13@yahoo.com; karnas@nwf.org; dkeller@tnc.org; jmk1927@bellsouth.net; Ppkelly@aol.com; gaylan.king@gmail.com; bbws1@gtcom.net; BKOLBLASE@aol.com; IRealty@aol.com; GKuhlmeier@aol.com; ahkurz@cox.net; larsonstudio@cox.net; thomlawr@bellsouth.net; lchamberlain@cfl.rr.com; SLevin52@aol.com; drlozier@ltflaw.com; defender63@cox.net; nonie@noniesark.com; MarkF@floridapirg.org; marty@mandl.gccoxmail.com; swturtlewh@cox.net; dixey@dixeymayoteel.com; meltonl@doacs.state.fl.us; khmiddlemas@comcast.net; jomillar@verizon.net; stmilum@yahoo.com; lndsld@cox.net; LJMoller@aol.com; david.j.murphy@gmail.com; maryjam3@cox.net; nancy_ohare@evergladesresearch.com; rnoss@mail.ucf.edu; sohara@oharalawfirm.com; olivier60@cox.net; oserforestry@yahoo.com; northeastfwf@bellsouth.net; ytrebil4@earthlink.net; lorna_rma@comcast.net; jakejpayne@yahoo.com; fwfnaples@earthlink.net; cpetrick@fs.fed.us; Dutch500@cox.net; jpiowaty@cox.net; davidp@saturnjax.com; BARJNPWLL@aol.com; DPrintiss@tnc.org; amandareidpayne@yahoo.com; gloria_b_reid@yahoo.com; grouperboy@velocityonline.net; Jrno6@aol.com; preston@fwfonline.org; EKROSTON@aol.com; Dotjack@aol.com; russ2kayak@freeportfl.net; Sansom, Ray; SArchib@aol.com; musicats@cox.net; wcschu@alltel.net; shaffer_us@yahoo.com; jshelbu@knology.net; shewski1@cox.net; cboyds@cox.net; leda.suydan@dep.state.fl.us; tannerg@ufl.edu; MTennis391@aol.com; david@napleszoo.com; biosphere@biospherenursery.com; Lynn@nettally.com; etucker@co.okaloosa.fl.us; avanek@heritageconsulting.net; donware@earthlink.net; Warnken@nwf.org; Knowgrowth@aol.com; u2rhuman@earthlink.net; dwhite@oceanconservancyfl.org; edwilbanks@knology.net; glendale@chufa.com; awdw99@hotmail.com; kmwrightjr@earthlink.net; Jerry_Ziewitz@fws.gov
Subject:	 An Unwise Growth Subsidy?

 
 
Where were you guys when I was fighting this back in the 1970's and the shoreline here was developing?  Especially Navarre and Destin.  I didn't think it was right back then for all taxpayers to have to fund hurricane insurance (back then it was mostly about wind) for the rich that choose to build on a changing barrier island and I'm still not for it.  I can show you tree stumps in the Gulf when the shoreline went further out...and they are south of Okaloosa/Santa Rosa Island now...they used to be north of the Island about 200 years ago.
 
There is no way man-made  "dune rebuilding" will ever conquer Mother Nature.  Man needs to learn to live with nature instead of against nature.
From:	momcrab@aol.com
Sent:	Thursday, July 6, 2006 9:40 AM
To:	cshoichet@sptimes.com
Cc:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Chassahowitzka water and sewer

We have property in the Chassahowitzka area and it is amazing the amount of money the county wants to charge the residents to put in water and sewer. 
 
There should be more grant money available to pay for this construction (we need to find out how the Panhandle of Florida keeps receiving millions and millions of dollars each year to restore the beaches (only to be washed away the following year) and Florida can't help save our river by putting in the water and sewer.
 
Thank you,
Debbie Crabtree
 
 
  _____  

MailScanner has detected a possible fraud attempt from "pr.atwola.com" claiming to be Check out AOL.com today. Breaking news, video search, pictures, email and IM. All on demand. Always Free.

From:	Pritchard, Ronald J <R.Pritchard@brevardcounty.us>
Sent:	Thursday, July 6, 2006 9:26 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	RE: FL prison official Crosby pleads guilty

Leftist nonsense...
 

-----Original Message-----
From: jeb.bush@myflorida.com [mailto:jeb.bush@myflorida.com] 
Sent: Thursday, July 06, 2006 6:08 AM
Subject: FL prison official Crosby pleads guilty

And of course Jebbie, John Ellis "FIB!" Bush, pardons his good buddy
rather than risk him spilling the beans about what other crimes Jebbie
and his felon family (drug dealer, stalker, B&E, grand theft) have been
covering up....

Corrupt Prison Officials Confess

The nation's third-largest prison system has been plagued by scandal and
corruption for years and now its top official, a governor appointee, has
finally admitted that he took thousands of dollars in bribes from a
state contractor over two years.

A wide-ranging investigation into rampant criminal activity among prison
system employees found enough evidence to force James Crosby to resign
as Florida's Secretary of the Department of Corrections earlier this
year, though he has maintained his innocence until this week. Crosby
pleaded guilty to a federal charge of accepting kickbacks from a
subcontractor and seven other prison employees have been charged in
state court with theft and another with accepting bribes.

Crosby's plea agreement will allow him to escape arrest, indictment, a
hefty fine and even prison time (he could have faced 10 years in federal
prison). 
Apparently it pays to have friends in high places, like the governor's
mansion. When Florida Governor Jeb Bush announced Crosby's appointment
with great fanfare in 2002, he said that he was "honored to have Jimmy
join my leadership team ... and confident he will serve the citizens of
Florida well."

As Secretary of the Department of Corrections, Crosby was in charge of
more than 26,000 employees that operate 128 prisons and 151 probation
and parole offices statewide. Bush had no choice but to ask for his
friend's resignation earlier this year amid mounting evidence of
criminal wrongdoing. In the final months of Crosby's tenure, the
department of corrections was scandal-plagued with arrests of
drug-abusing prison guards, accusations of sexual assault and the
bribery matter.

A report by the Florida Department of Law Enforcement concluded that
Crosby tried to shut down an investigation into criminal activity among
many employees in the prison system. One Florida newspaper wrote that
Crosby's administration was under federal and state scrutiny for
nepotism, cronyism, steroid use, alleged misuse of inmate labor and
state property, and employee clubs and vendors operating with little
oversight while handling large amounts of cash.

http://www.corruptionchronicles.com/2006/07/corrupt_prison_officials_con
fe.html

From:	Kate Connor-Garand <katecgarand@hotmail.com>
Sent:	Thursday, July 6, 2006 9:17 AM
To:	jmjforever11@aol.com; e123buck@yahoo.com; Governor Jeb Bush; willydillyboy@aol.com; T.curtisCPA@verizon.net
Cc:	signswondr@aol.com; fortneyptg@aol.com; magadsby@aol.com; mariajohnson@comcast.net; krissyowens@hotmail.com; papiolas@aol.com
Subject:	[*] FW: Here Are the Facts on the Cross Issue

Importance:	High






  _____  

From: "AFA ActionAlert" <afapetition@afa.net>
Reply-To: afapetition@afa.net
To: kate connor-garand <katecgarand@hotmail.com>
Subject: Here Are the Facts on the Cross Issue
Date: Wed, 05 Jul 2006 13:33:13 -0500


 	 	
Donald E. Wildmon
Founder and Chairman 
 	
	


July 5, 2006

Here Are the Facts on the Cross Issue

ACLU and activist judge put on ice over Mt. Soledad cross by Supreme Court

Dear kate,

 In our latest AFA Action Alert, we asked you to take action by encouraging the U.S. Senate to pass legislation protecting the crosses in all federal cemeteries and use Article Three, Section Two to remove jurisdiction from federal judges. 

There has been some confusion regarding our Action Alert. Many have been led to believe by outdated material and websites that the ACLU's efforts are nothing more than a rumor or hoax. 

I have said, and maintain, that the ACLU is behind the effort to remove this cross. 

Late last Friday, according to CBS News, Supreme Court Justice Anthony Kennedy intervened in a 17-year battle over a large cross on city property in San Diego, allowing the 29-foot structure to remain until its supporters complete a legal challenge. 

U.S. District Judge Gordon Thompson had ordered the city to remove the structure by Aug. 1 or face a fine of $5,000 a day. Thompson ruled the cross unconstitutional in 1991, but the case has remained in courts and become an issue of public policy. 

I urge you to research the facts for yourself. Please take time to view these sources regarding the ACLU and the activist judge who wants the cross removed. 

Judge orders San Diego cross removed. Gives city 90 days in case brought by ACLU-backed atheist
http://www.wnd.com/news/article.asp?ARTICLE_ID=50038 

Supreme Court Saves San Diego Cross. Ruling Stays Order That Would Have Forced City To Remove It
http://www.cbsnews.com/stories/2006/07/03/national/main1774069.shtml 

It is only logical that if the cross is removed from the Mt. Soledad Memorial, then the next move by the ACLU would be to remove crosses from all memorials and cemeteries. 



Take Action

If you haven't already, would you please take time to contact your Senators and ask them to pass legislation protecting the crosses (indeed, all religious symbols) in all federal cemeteries and memorials? If the ACLU wins this battle, you can be sure they will pursue removing crosses from national cemeteries everywhere. 

Please take action to protect our right to have crosses above the graves of those who have given their lives to protect our religious freedom. 

	

Click Here to Email Your Senators Now!

Or, copy and past this link to your browser - http://capwiz.com/afanet/issues/alert/?alertid=8890016&type=ML

If you think our efforts are worthy, would you please support us with a small gift? Thank you for caring enough to get involved. 

Sincerely,

 

Donald E. Wildmon, Founder and Chairman
American Family Association

P.S. Please forward this e-mail message to your family and friends!


	
 	
 	 American Family Filter  -  Strong, Internet filtering software and porn blocking technology. 	
American Family Resource Center  -  Everything for the Family! Books... Music... Videos... Gifts, etc. 	
 	
	You are receiving this mailing because you participated in an AFA-sponsored poll, petition, or action alert. You are subscribed to AFA ActionAlert as katecgarand@hotmail.com.

In keeping with our privacy policy, AFA may periodically contact you regarding issues of concern to the family. Rest assured that your subscription e-mail address will be kept in the strictest confidence. We do not divulge, nor make available to any third party, our subscription list. Your privacy is paramount to us!

Unsubscribe | Update E-mail Address | Donate to AFA 

If you are a Federal Civilian, Postal or Military Employee, please consider AFA (#2058) for your annual CFC 
participation. Questions or comments about AFA? Contact us via email, phone, fax, or postal mail. 	
	
American Family Association | P O Drawer 2440 | Tupelo, MS 38803 | 1-662-844-5036 
Copyright 2006 All Rights Reserved 

		
 	
Web Bug from http://lists.afa.net/db/2945039/13319992/1.gif 


From:	Joan <Elenda101@comcast.net>
Sent:	Thursday, July 6, 2006 8:45 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Jeb goes against his own

I guess nobody should ever do anything against the dictatorship of the Bushes.   We here in America are so close to dictatorship as long as the Bushes are in control.   They even go against their own and here is proof.  



SENATE RACE


Fast fundraising targets incumbent Villalobos


State Senate candidate Frank Bolaños is quickly catching up to incumbent Alex Villalobos in campaign donations.


BY BETH REINHARD


breinhard@MiamiHerald.com


Jeb Bush loyalists have helped Miami-Dade School Board Member Frank Bolaños round up more than $200,000 in three weeks to try to topple state Sen. Alex Villalobos, who crossed the governor on two key votes earlier this year.

Bolaños' rapid haul is a stunning amount to raise against an incumbent who, until recently, was the Senate's Republican majority leader and its future president. But then came this spring's legislative session.

Villalobos forfeited his leadership post after he helped defeat a Bush-backed proposal to water down the constitutional amendment limiting class sizes. He also opposed a proposal the governor hoped would help revive private school vouchers for students of struggling public schools. The Florida Supreme Court has declared vouchers unconstitutional.

The Villalobos-Bolaños race is becoming one of the roughest races on the Sept 5. ballot, sparking clashes on Spanish-language radio and exposing rifts in the Miami-Dade Republican political establishment. The governor has said he may get involved in the Miami-Dade Senate race personally, though it's unclear whether he's done anything to date.

In response to Bolaños' fundraising announcement Wednesday, Villalobos said he had raised about $80,000 during the past three months. He already had collected nearly $225,000, which had seemed like a comfortable lead.

Florida candidates don't have to report their contributions and expenses for the past three months until Monday, but some candidates jump the gun when they have good news.

''I'm encouraged and humbled by the remarkable response we've gotten from voters in our district,'' Bolaños said in a written statement. ``Our fundraising efforts have been surpassed only by the words of support I've heard as I walked the district, sharing my ideas with neighbors and local business leaders.''

Bolaños did not disclose a list of his donors but did list the members of his finance committee. Many are longtime fundraisers for the governor and President George W. Bush who don't live in the western Miami-Dade Senate district.

They include former Florida Republican Party Chairman Al Cardenas, Fort Lauderdale lobbyist Justin Sayfie, developer Sergio Pino, Fort Lauderdale cardiologist Zachariah Zachariah and Jason Unger, a Tallahassee lobbyist married to the governor's former campaign manager.

Asked why he was supporting Bolaños, Zachariah responded: ``He's the guy running against Villalobos, right? I think the guy has done a good job on the School Board and he seems like a good candidate.''

Zachariah added: ``I believe in good government and I don't care what part of the state a candidate comes from. We need men and women of good moral character.''

Seven state legislators and senators recently held a press conference to display their support for Villalobos and decry the infighting among Miami-Dade legislators. The senator also is receiving support from members of the PTA and teachers' union.

''That's worth more to me than a big fundraiser,'' Villalobos said.



From:	duhfunkatory1@netzero.net
Sent:	Thursday, July 6, 2006 8:18 AM
To:	clochhead@sfchronicle.com
Cc:	comments@whitehouse.gov; aydint@feztravel.com; speaker@myfloridahouse.gov; Governor Jeb Bush; actionline@miamiherald.com; vicepresident@whitehouse.gov
Subject:	[*] FW: FW: I'm Heading For Mexico



Please note: forwarded message attached



-----Original Message-----
From: Herv Moseley [mailto:herv_m_2000@yahoo.com]
Sent: Monday, April 17, 2006 6:34 AM
To: Margret Bahr(Wise)
Subject: Fwd: FW: I'm Heading For Mexico



Note: forwarded message attached.


__________________________________________________
Do You Yahoo!?
Tired of spam?  Yahoo! Mail has the best spam protection around 
http://mail.yahoo.com 
From:	JGTHINGS@aol.com
Sent:	Thursday, July 6, 2006 7:58 AM
To:	davidreinhard@news.oregonian.com; vtx@ntplx.net; d.adams@snet.net; Racedave69@aol.com; BWCastle@aol.com; WckdQueen2@aol.com; loki@snowhill.com; howie@3rdm.net; OLIZA55@aol.com; Mmpplansann@aol.com; DO1003@aol.com; ROBERTParisrc@aol.com; USMCWIFEKRISTY@aol.com; jarhead66@msn.com; iamtwisted@earthlink.net; blackknight@dfsi.net; h.bibbs@comcast.net; dreamwalker1973@yahoo.com; thedrifter001@yahoo.com; SHUFLY@aol.com; bob.carr@www.nsw.gov.au; kalena93@yahoo.com; ewallis@bigpond.net.au; porsche_kitten@webtv.net; coldturkey1@hotmail.com; qpo70@planet.nl; Kathi_96@hotmail.com; imagesbymarie@earthlink.net; ProudCapMarine@earthlink.net; q@qfocal.com; dweller@rrbiznet.com; tlc8464@yahoo.com; rsalazar@astound.net; woohoo470@yahoo.com; rwmuskie@comcast.net; mark.a.obrien@us.army.mil; jeaniedai@bellsouth.net; musicmanm58@msn.com; kerrypardue247@yahoo.com; alananhoa@fsmail.net; raylahr@tds.net; wrbones@rap.midco.net; n.grissom@comcast.net; jeepwrench@msn.com; nancy.r.hudson@sbcglobal.net; paris_mark@sbcglobal.net; paris_heather@sbcglobal.net; alan@waugh80.freeserve.co.uk; Jab297@aol.com; smithers59@comcast.net; eighmie@cableone.net; recon684@bellsouth.net; grunti39@bellsouth.net; RBJohnson@MandBLaw.com; q.madp@ourwarheroes.net; michel_landry@hotmail.com; karriwoods@yahoo.com; hazardtou31704@yahoo.com; Mark.Langford@dep.state.fl.us; beells@satx.rr.com; bearriver333@gmail.com; USMC-Vietnam-Grunt@att.net; CPnnngt@aol.com; alsnow7@juno.com; Latrailera1Lola@aim.com; mickeyboa@sbcglobal.net; artista03@bellsouth.net; MIKEMTRY@aol.com; Nnnrmc@aol.com; lonesomeman@verizon.net; mike@mikemalloy.com; BakeVet@aol.com; aairmail@info.aa.com; Matz46@aol.com; jw40_99@yahoo.com; david.mckenney@intergraph.com; dougiesplace@msn.com; BlacksharkL82@aol.com; PhilDragonFly@webtv.net; rt522@earthlink.net; Ezine@leatherneck.com; tlr301@cfl.rr.com; maatte@wn.com.au; JVW4211@aol.com; mamattei1962@sbcglobal.net; marines1967@msn.com; DottiesHomeAgain@aol.com; drowe926@cfl.rr.com; Did_My_Tours@webtv.net; codern2@earthlink.net; cgariano@papersystems.com; davecollins@magic107.com; LArduino@4allads.com; TrishPaluso@msn.com; leslyegale@magic107.com; loridaigle@sbcglobal.net; etvivelo@yahoo.com; tmacri@greenwichbsa.com; jgagliano@cfl.rr.com; Liveforlife59@aol.com; Josephny44@aol.com; daiglel@suscom-maine.net; judygriffin10@yahoo.com; Fastcarol143@aol.com; gizmofn@yahoo.com; cats5953@sbcglobal.net
Cc:	News6@aim.com; oreilly@foxnews.com; tips@rogersimmons.com; tv20news@wcjb.com; president@whitehouse.gov; Governor Jeb Bush; Lynn, Evelyn; Smith, Rod
Subject:	[*] Fwd: If everybody knew about this already, why was it front page news?
Attachments:	If everybody knew about this already, why was it front page news? 

In a message dated 7/6/2006 5:55:49 A.M. Eastern Standard Time, wrbones@rap.midco.net writes:
 
You know we all need to start sending e-mails about this and don't STOP, This Bill Killer needs to get his A.. LOCKED up, if we all keep sending e-mails to all we know may be someone will do something, how come all the papers are not jumping on this?????
Come Oreilly put it to HIM....
 
















http://www.grunt.com/downloads/marines_hymn.mp3
http://www.grunt.com/downloads/taps.mp3
Yours For The Keeping 
John Gariano USMC 1962/66
VIETMAM 1963 SPECIAL OPS UNIT
Neil Grissom, Wade Hudson, Mac Foster,
"1972 JAPAN, MUHAMMAD ALI VS MAC FOSTER"
"world heavy weight boxing match"
JimTate, ("Ranger" McCain (RIP)Brother's for ever.
Some people come into our lives and quickly
go. They leave footprints on our hearts,
and we are never ever the same
58,249 RIP Vietnam 
http://www.vva.org/
http://www.popasmoke.com/















From:	Hurricanesupply@aol.com
Sent:	Thursday, July 6, 2006 7:54 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	RE: Emergency Alert

 
Dear Sirs,
 
Please take the time to visit our site for unique and essential emergency supplies.
We sell a product in Florida called Ezy Flare. This is a battery operated emergency flare that helps alert emergency officials as well as surrounding neighbors when a person is in need of help due to hurricanes or storms. When phone lines are down, this devise is an alternative to communicate to the outside world from their home. On many occasions street signs are knocked down making it difficult for Emergency officials to find the residents home. Ezy Flares pulsating bright LED lights make it easier for them to find their home simply by placing this unit in their window or front porch.  Ezy Flare is even designed to stand up or lay flat with it's built in rubber pads and is water resistant. This can be seen by air or land up to 8,000 feet.
Ezy Flare can be placed on roof tops as well. Also, our new commercial flare can be seen in the day.
 
Sincerely,
Ms. Susan Haskins
 
 
                                        
 
Je'vay International Inc.
1412 South Riverside Drive
Edgewater, Fl 32132
USA
www.hurricanesupplies.org
info@hurricanesupplies.org
Business: 386-409-8858
Toll Free: 800-397-0688
Ms. Susan Haskins
President
From:	Don Wmson <donnabrat911@hotmail.com>
Sent:	Thursday, July 6, 2006 6:49 AM
To:	C_Kohut@hotmail.com; donna.leitenberger@hcahealthcare.com; ebcraige@tampabay.rr.com; jeg333ac@gate.net; leisa@tampabay.rr.com; angela@kyso.org; Governor Jeb Bush; President@whitehouse.gov
Subject:	[*] Fw: FW: AMERICA
Attachments:	Header.dat






  _____  

From: "Richard Bartrop" <trapbear@localnet.com>
To: "Willey Will" <isapreacher@yahoo.com>,"Theresa Fowler" <twfowler53@yahoo.com>,<snowy473@juno.com>,"Sandy Sue Miller" <budlace@abcglobal.net>,<rnabj@localnet.com>,"richard bartrop" <trapbear@localnet.com>,"Ray" <Rasull@aol.com>,<mbesszong@unitedwayatlanta.org>,"Leilani Fletcher" <lanib3583@sbcglobal.net>,"karen" <karens8888@aol.com>,"Joy" <dodiebelle@juno.com>,"jonathan" <bartrop0225@yahoo.com>,"Jen" <jen@saypdp.com>,"Jean" <jrwbrown@aol.com>,"Jacob Parker" <cryingeagle911@yahoo.com>,"Jackie" <jsp@bellsouth.net>,"Huskerdan" <huskerdan@cox.net>,"fran" <fadkinson@unitedwayatlanta.org>,<esstanley1@alltel.net>,"Edna Sullivan" <ednasullivan@bellsouth.net>,"Ed Barrett" <antfish@frontiernet.net>,"Debra Harris" <debra462002@yahoo.com>,"David Reagan" <learnthebible@juno.com>,"daffy duck" <donnabrat911@hotmail.com>,"Bro Stephen Rimi" <rimiedge@areatech.com>,<bjwick@comcast.net>,<bigjimsullivan@bellsouth.net>,"Amanda Tanner" <atanner@cableone.net>,"Addie Baker" <partsrequest@bakersalvage.com>
Subject: Fw: FW: AMERICA
Date: Wed, 5 Jul 2006 14:14:16 -0400


 
----- Original Message ----- 
Subject: AMERICA




  Subject: AMERICA

 

This is an editorial written by an 
American citizen, published in a 
Tampa, FL Newspaper. He did quite a job; didn't he? Read on, please! 

IMMIGRANTS,…………… NOT AMERICANS,  MUST ADAPT.


I am tired of this nation worrying about whether we 
are offending some individual or their culture. Since the terrorist attacks on Sept. 11, 
we have experienced a surge 
in patriotism by the majority 
of Americans. However...... the dust from the attacks had 
barely settled when the "politically correct! " crowd began complaining about 
the possibility that our patriotism was offending others. 

I am not against immigration, nor do I hold a grudge against anyone who is seeking a better life by coming to ! America 
Our population is almost entirely made up of descendants of immigrants. 
However, there 
are a few things that those 
who have recently come to 
our country, and apparently some born here, need to understand. 
This idea of America being a 
multicultural community 
has served only to dilute our sovereignty and our national identity. As Americans...... 
we have our own culture, our 
own society, our own language and our own lifestyle. This culture has been developed over centuries of struggles, trials, and victories by millions of men and women who have sought freedom. 


We speak ENGLISH , not Spanish, Portuguese, Arabic, Chinese, Japanese, Russian, or any other language. 
Therefore, if you wish to become part of our society, learn the language! 

"In God We Trust" is our national motto. This is not some Christian, right wing, political slogan.. We adopted this motto because Christian men and women.......on Christian principles............. 
founded this nation..... and this is clearly documented. 
It is certainly appropriate to display it 
on the walls of our schools. 
If God offends you, then I suggest you consider another part of the world as 
your new home.........because 
God is part of our culture. 

If Stars and Stripes offend you, or 
you don't like Uncle Sam, then you 
should seriously consider a move 
to another part of this planet. 
We 
are happy with our culture and have 
no desire to change, and we really 
don't care how you did things where 
you came from. 
This is 
OUR COUNTRY, 
our land, and our lifestyle. 
Our First Amendment gives every citizen the 
right to express his opinion and we 
will allow you every opportunity to do so! 
But once you are done complaining....... whining...... and griping....... about our flag....... 
our pledge...... our national motto........or our 
way of life....I highly encourage you to 
take advantage of one other Great American Freedom....... 

THE RIGHT TO LEAVE. 


It is Time for America to Speak up 
If you agree -- pass this along; 
if you don't agree -- delete it - You are in the WRONG Country! 

AMEN 

 


  _____  




No virus found in this incoming message.
Checked by AVG Free Edition.
Version: 7.1.394 / Virus Database: 268.9.8/381 - Release Date: 7/3/2006





From:	jeb.bush@myflorida.com
Sent:	Thursday, July 6, 2006 6:08 AM
Subject:	FL prison official Crosby pleads guilty

And of course Jebbie, John Ellis "FIB!" Bush, pardons his good buddy rather 
than risk him spilling the beans about what other crimes Jebbie and his felon 
family (drug dealer, stalker, B&E, grand theft) have been covering up....

Corrupt Prison Officials Confess

The nation's third-largest prison system has been plagued by scandal and 
corruption for years and now its top official, a governor appointee, has 
finally admitted that he took thousands of dollars in bribes from a state 
contractor over two years.

A wide-ranging investigation into rampant criminal activity among prison 
system employees found enough evidence to force James Crosby to resign as 
Florida's Secretary of the Department of Corrections earlier this year, 
though he has maintained his innocence until this week. Crosby pleaded guilty 
to a federal charge of accepting kickbacks from a subcontractor and seven 
other prison employees have been charged in state court with theft and 
another with accepting bribes.

Crosby's plea agreement will allow him to escape arrest, indictment, a hefty 
fine and even prison time (he could have faced 10 years in federal prison). 
Apparently it pays to have friends in high places, like the governor's 
mansion. When Florida Governor Jeb Bush announced Crosby's appointment with 
great fanfare in 2002, he said that he was "honored to have Jimmy join my 
leadership team ... and confident he will serve the citizens of Florida 
well."

As Secretary of the Department of Corrections, Crosby was in charge of more 
than 26,000 employees that operate 128 prisons and 151 probation and parole 
offices statewide. Bush had no choice but to ask for his friend's resignation 
earlier this year amid mounting evidence of criminal wrongdoing. In the final 
months of Crosby's tenure, the department of corrections was scandal-plagued 
with arrests of drug-abusing prison guards, accusations of sexual assault and 
the bribery matter.

A report by the Florida Department of Law Enforcement concluded that Crosby 
tried to shut down an investigation into criminal activity among many 
employees in the prison system. One Florida newspaper wrote that Crosby's 
administration was under federal and state scrutiny for nepotism, cronyism, 
steroid use, alleged misuse of inmate labor and state property, and employee 
clubs and vendors operating with little oversight while handling large 
amounts of cash.

http://www.corruptionchronicles.com/2006/07/corrupt_prison_officials_confe.html

From:	WILLIAM J PEERCE <cowboy52636@msn.com>
Sent:	Thursday, July 6, 2006 5:37 AM
To:	FHP; Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	A letter to The Govenor!

This will be the last email I will send out to you Mr. Bush as we have decided that this is without a doubt the worse state we have ever lived in. I complained before about the way people drive here compared to other parts of the country and YES, The State police contacted me and I was in hopes that things would change. But, I'am afraid that it's never going to be any better here, because NO ONE Really Cares enough to make the laws TOUGH enough to get the job Done. We have resulted into Staying at home Most of the time, because it is TOO dangerous to go out on these roads any more. I spent 38 years driving for a living ,all over this country, and its not because I'am getting too old. Its because the NUTS of the world have taken over. You and the rest of the world, It seems just don't care enough to KICK SOME ASS!!!! and get the job Done. Well, I know I don't know the whole story, But I really don't want too. All I know is people are dieing and getting injured on these roads around here needlessly every day, and NOT ENOUGH IS BEING DONE ABOUT IT! After we get back from up north to see family and friends next month, we will come back and put our home here in Ridgewood Lakes up for sale. While we are up there, we will look for a better place to live than this. ( There has to be). Thanks for reading this( If you did) Or someone read it for you. As I said to start with, This will be the last email to you from me. Mr. William Peerce 144 Ashton dr. Davenport Fla 33837 863-420-8881
From:	Joseph Sylvestre <joe@ctvisioncenter.com>
Sent:	Friday, July 26, 2002 2:54 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Cc:	Edward Johnston
Subject:	Some people just don't get it!
Attachments:	Farmington Valley towns.jpg; CT Farmington Valley Demographics.jpg

Ed:

 

It’s been a long day and a trying time with MVE/Insight software, based out of Miami, FL.

 

When I purchased the software 6 months ago the sell came with high “implied” outstanding customer support, compatibility with billing services as yours, etc. I have had a horrible experience and received an attitude that it is something “We” are doing wrong. 

 

At this point I’m considering legal action against Insight for the incompetence and the shifting of that to the customer. I’ve lost count of the hours, updates, and remote access sessions Vipul has had to implement, all with an attitude that we’re screwing up our system; never once claiming it may be a “software issue.”

 

In December of 2004 I purchased the Network Edition for $2250, which included a three year special for customer support.

 

I received an invoice today Dated December 26th, 2005, with a “revised” three year support and updates charge of $747.00, stating that I owe them another $500.00.

 

I need someone on your end that has adept experience with MVE/Insight in relation to interfacing our two systems, and possibly some advice on another software company.

 

Sincerely,

 

 

Joe

 

 

www.ctvisioncenter.com

 

I’m insulted. I’ve been in the business for twenty years, come from blue-collar roots, and have had experiences with Vipul, an owner of a company, who is irritable, short-tempered, impatient, and condescending.

 

If you check my credentials, the area we are located in, only a fool would have such a short-sighted paradigm. The household per capita income in this area is second only to the Greenwich area of CT, which is located near NY, NY. 

 

Please feel free to forward this to your senior management.

 

From what I’ve experienced from EDI to this point is nothing but true professionalism, from the first person I’ve spoken to.

 

I hope the file you received shows some improvement. I went through every claim myself, and toughed it out, since asking MVE for “support” is relative. 

 

Looking forward to hearing from you, and please take a look at our website before calling us. I’ll be in after 10:00 tomorrow; it’s our long day.

 

Take care!   

 

File to follow due to HIPAA info.

 

 

Sincerely,

 

Joseph Sylvestre

Licensed Optician

Proprietor

www.ctvisioncenter.com

Vision Center of Farmingtion Valley

(860) 658-1704

 

 

 

From:	Michael Reichert II <acidburn2624@yahoo.com>
Sent:	Thursday, July 6, 2006 2:36 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	homeland security idea

Dear Mr. Govenor,
      I dont mean to bother you, but I have an idea that might be of intrest to you. I am a native of the state of Maryland, and just recently moved here to Clearwater. While I was in MD though, I was part of a state governed military unit in which was to take over opperations of the state National Guard if they were ever to be deployed. The state of Florida could use such a unit in Natrual disasters. If you could contact me either by telephone or letter, I will gladly explain further my idea. I hope you seriously take this into consideration, it could save the state alot of money in the long run as well. Thank-You.
 
Michael T. Reichert II
1046 S. Ft. Harrison Ave. Apt 1
Clearwater, Fl. 33756
(813)-766-4345 (cell phone)
 
                                                                             Sincerely,
                                                                      Michael T. Reichert II


acidburn2624

  _____  

Yahoo! Messenger with Voice. Make PC-to-Phone Calls to the US (and 30+ countries) for 2¢/min or less.
From:	actionville1@aol.com
Sent:	Thursday, July 6, 2006 2:30 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Think About It

God determines who walks into your life....  It's up to you to decide who you let walk away, who you let stay, and who you refuse to let go.  I need this back If you'll do this for me, I will do it for you....  When there is nothing left but God, that is when you find out that God is all you need.  Take 60 seconds and give this a shot!  All you do is simply say the following small prayer for the person who sent you this:
  
"Father,"  "God bless all my friends in whatever it is that You know they may need this day and may their life be full of your peace prosperity and power as he/she seeks to have a closer relationship with you."
"Amen."
 
Then send it on to everyone you know, including the one who sent it to you and within hours you will cause a multitude of people to pray for other people.  Then sit back and watch the power of God work in your life.
From:	Vicki Williams <Sillyvikky@Earthlink.com>
Sent:	Wednesday, July 5, 2006 1:56 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Cc:	Sillyvikky@Earthlink.net
Attachments:	Img-20060622-0024530375.jpg

One that came in house.  Please
From:	Vicki Williams <Sillyvikky@Earthlink.com>
Sent:	Wednesday, July 5, 2006 1:56 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Cc:	Sillyvikky@Earthlink.net

You know it not funny being hypnatized.....to steal assets.  You know have lots of thought.  How can a town allow a female to move in to be allow rape and so on.  Too give free rent.  I know I walk in to something I didn't want know about.  When I first came to town ..... first time I lived in a homeless shelter.  Well I was taping to catch who came in my house ........i think one got me my panties.........  You know as well as I cd masters are bigger than regular cds.  Mines the same sir................  why would one go after me......... sir i was sweet to all the girls and even shared food and can go on.  It's not right you still haven't went after that lady that said foul play........if there is they did it.  You don't know how it feel to think........   The taping needs to start here........but I have a feeling the tatoo shop and mikes has part of it.  Mike came to see Mr. Larkins out in the field of yates.  Most likely after peoples cars.  To murder a united states citizen is wrong and your allowing it.  I have a right to be normal not no dirty video......or up stairs to answer my phone before me.  And try to mental abuse me it a personal reason they went after me.  I have a right to be normal.  It's not right there a lawyer in the shelter to steal children and I could go on.  And to allow child mulestion.........I can walk in and prove it with the video place if there on the up and up!  I think it cool...........  so much I want to learn.  But if it was used for mr larkins and calham to make dirty videos of me I have a right to see them in jail.  one don't try to alter one face for nothing.  I love to see what this mike guy looks like........... as soon as they took mike out of the Tennyson they brought back harry............. both theifs....... working from in side you.  office.  one has no right making up the crime to steal children or cause devorces and so on to make money.......or hire a contracter for ones life.  You look and see who owns these webs sites.  they are creating.......... I gave up working for mr yates because the black mob would of hurt me..........followed or sent me to my new job.  It's not right they druged those guys........to make a extra dollar.  It's not right to used my internet........to destroy my names............... to offer me 40 hours and give me 24.......... I have a right not to live with anyone nor denied a job.   who business they gonna destoy again........... I want to enjoy my job.............not be sent in by any cop............why don't he walk in the line of fire......... It not right for a board to get a building built and get half of the workers pay!  to steal from the state......... break things to give there familys business.  .......... sir I would never said but they were hurting me.........   I never seen one enjoy a cheap thill of a hurting a female..........   I have more pictures..........did one invite them there house or call them in say there computer was broke.............. there so much i can learn from my job....... I inch closer to my interest.   I love men but sir.......... I have to come up for air...... I am not interested because they have not left me alone........ one get were they even won't give the time of day.........knowing one tring to sell something to them.  queer that hurt ya.........It time to get down to it........look at the guy that died out were I live before I moved here........... I was allow to move in because the shelter could get a hold of me.......... a whole lot of them go to jail........ well all I need is someone else to video......or is that why I was sent there......................Look at my disk they are not my master......... that is federal..............Look at my eyes...........no man has to threat a female using me.......if they tell........... close them down.......... I have a right to my pay........... put a cop in there........one that will allow united citizen to work...........and stop........the mob from tring to be a pimp.........  I was put in here for jennings to murder........and mrs. carnley........ I have a right to my assets......... and iddenty.
From:	Vicki Williams <Sillyvikky@Earthlink.com>
Sent:	Wednesday, July 5, 2006 1:56 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush

and a monkeyyyy......... were did the monkey come from......Karen!  
From:	Vicki Williams <Sillyvikky@Earthlink.com>
Sent:	Wednesday, July 5, 2006 1:56 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Cc:	Sillyvikky@Earthlink.net

Dear Sir, 
 
   I am grateful for the jobs...... but there is so much that can be done with that business.  We have a machine that makes record for children 99 times you can here your child name in a song.  I got to work with Joel today.......he works like a salesman that sells cars........  yes I believe ugliness was in those walls but it came from up stairs.  If a black person moved next to us we would not try to scar them into a house........... we would invite them to dinner......in no way would one take advantage.......something wrong sir.......... why didn't anyone figure out a long time ago you men were being drugged........even to like there children.  they stair you right in the face............ and accuses you of something when they did it there self's.  If she gets it in to court it only a paid issue threw the board for money.  I gave you picture and more of who....... a excuses is all they can give...........It over money that belong to me.  I know you can move white beside me........equal.  We have a right to the same rent............ not force us to live together to get in on us.  Sir I don't know the meaning of hate........should by now...... I have only wanted to be left alone.  I want to build a career......... men are extra.  But denied.  The sad thing about the place I live.  The could see a flower...........and crush it.  I am the one that gave them cig. when need even there children a drink.  I ignored....... there pettiness......  only took advantage of me .........made me video to catch them in here and stole the video.  I don't know how much of a part those 2 had in it.  To be hypnotize and drugged.......sir......one will scream a hour latter after the crime was done.  There is so much that can be done there..........the proper advertisement............ I could build both business in a correct way...... Models for Wal-Mart......marketing.  The difference is a can live in both worlds....... a suit or a bikini....... if they stop hurting me........... I will heal........I worked as hard as you sir......... and have been hurt.  I want no fight with the board me freedom.  You wanted the truth I told you the truth of the best of my knowledge........ I really wonder how far the medical fields went with body part transfer............ you know they made babies...... and 1/2 ape..........  I have no sins...........I all ready faced god.  I also know Thomas Scott and Edward Lawrence Higgins left something in my ear............. Thomas Scott feeds the high up .......with the funeral home...........  Mr.. Higgins forgot the part the body is beautiful...........  and made ugly out of everything......those stripper was forced............. and I would be honor to take my clothes off for 100000 dollars........as those models in play boy.  He is not god..........and had no business going between a female legs............. look at 1/2 human 1/2 ape.  When did anyone ask a female to donate!  It was easier to stock and drug........... for one couldn't control the behavior......... I never wanted there money only equal right and equal opportunity................... United States Defist.  Remember........ when I die I can take any thing with me........all I can do is leave it in good hands......  Vicki
From:	Vicki Williams <Sillyvikky@Earthlink.com>
Sent:	Wednesday, July 5, 2006 1:56 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Cc:	Sillyvikky@Earthlink.net
Subject:	[*] 

God wouldn't name a child that..............  drugging them to act like animals are wrong............... there not abortion.......... they are alive and breathing.  there not the sin................ the medical field is.
From:	Vicki Williams <Sillyvikky@Earthlink.com>
Sent:	Wednesday, July 5, 2006 1:56 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Cc:	Sillyvikky@Earthlink.net

Those women were queer that was in that room hurting me........and you know it......... a building full of queers and a lawyer............shelter.  And they get paid by the board.  we can get down to dover.........about stafford words....... and the beuty queen that got hurt.......Larry and vogel.......... Mr Nelson.......... who has a trailer in gainsville......were all those female died........... Jack Thompson............. I see what there capable of Tennyson.......men pull there penis out in front of me.
From:	Joe <joe@ctvisioncenter.com>
Sent:	Thursday, July 6, 2006 12:51 AM
To:	'Edward Barrett'
Cc:	info@insight-soft.com; Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Some people just don't get it!
Attachments:	CT Farmington Valley Demographics.jpg; Farmington Valley towns.jpg

Ed:

 

It’s been a long day and a trying time with MVE/Insight software, based out of Miami, FL.

 

When I purchased the software 6 months ago the sell came with high “implied” outstanding customer support, compatibility with billing services as yours, etc. I have had a horrible experience and received an attitude that it is something “We” are doing wrong. 

 

At this point I’m considering legal action against Insight for the incompetence and the shifting of that to the customer. I’ve lost count of the hours, updates, and remote access sessions Vipul has had to implement, all with an attitude that we’re screwing up our system; never once claiming it may be a “software issue.”

 

In December of 2004 I purchased the Network Edition for $2250, which included a three year special for customer support.

 

I received an invoice today Dated December 26th, 2005, with a “revised” three year support and updates charge of $747.00, stating that I owe them another $500.00.

 

I need someone on your end that has adept experience with MVE/Insight in relation to interfacing our two systems, and possibly some advice on another software company.

 

Sincerely,

 

 

Joe

 

 

www.ctvisioncenter.com

 

I’m insulted. I’ve been in the business for twenty years, come from blue-collar roots, and have had experiences with Vipul, an owner of a company, who is irritable, short-tempered, impatient, and condescending.

 

If you check my credentials, the area we are located in, only a fool would have such a short-sighted paradigm. The household per capita income in this area is second only to the Greenwich area of CT, which is located near NY, NY. 

 

Please feel free to forward this to your senior management.

 

From what I’ve experienced from EDI to this point is nothing but true professionalism, from the first person I’ve spoken to.

 

I hope the file you received shows some improvement. I went through every claim myself, and toughed it out, since asking MVE for “support” is relative. 

 

Looking forward to hearing from you, and please take a look at our website before calling us. I’ll be in after 10:00 tomorrow; it’s our long day.

 

Take care!   

 

File to follow due to HIPAA info.

From:	John J Meyer <johanjj@juno.com>
Sent:	Thursday, July 6, 2006 12:37 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Two brothers
Attachments:	charter.jpg

Dear Mr. Newman

How is it that two governments run by two brothers, who happen to be
ideological allies can be of two completely different minds? The one is
fighting a war in Iraq and Afghanistan for freedom and the other one has
created a dictatorship in our Florida school system. I can prove every
statement I made in this E-mail. As a representative for the people you
own an explanation to our students and those who teach in the State of
Florida. 

The Jeb Bush administrations Home Rule has become a bad piece of
legislation that made it possible for Dr. Clinton Wright Superintendent
of the Lake Wales Charter School to dismissed 20 teachers and 7
paraprofessional in an anti democratic manner without given an
explanation. If a teacher questions a charter schools decision you are
out of the gate. An opinion poll by the local newspaper The Ledger shows
that 77% of Lake Wales consider it a wrongful dismissal. See Charter
attachment sign across from Sears on Highway 27 in Lake Wales. 

Dr. Wright dismissed me for a difference of opinion. How close can you
get to a dictatorship? My civil rights have been violated by the Polk
County School Board for not following due process. The Polk County school
System is violating (school board regulation 60X53-8, 004 (C). Also
violation  447,501 (1) (a) and (b) of Florida Status (2004)’1, Pursuant
to section 447,503(20). 

Principal D’Angelo has been dismissed as a principle of the Kathleen High
School by the Polk County School Board for exploring the idea of
converting the high school into a charter school, dismissal confirmed by
a local judge. 

The University of Southern Florida approved Professor All-Arian private
fund raising campaign for political reasons. Professor All-Arian had the
power to fail students when not donating to his fund raising campaign and
visa furze. Allowing private fund raising in a public school has become a
serious educational problem. 
 
Polk County School Board has created an anti democratic school system for
political gain and our local politicians and our county justice system
are following in the same track. Local Florida attorneys are not willing
to look into a “Florida Home Rule“ problem. Governor Jeb Bush claims in
writing that he is powerless to look into that matter and our local
Florida Senators and Representatives do not seem to care.  

Every American Citizen has the right to receive a hearing in a conflict.
I received a letter from Manuel Zurita Director of the EEOC in Tampa. The
EEOC is refusing to give me a hearing or an explanation on Charge No. 152
2005 00756 and telling me that a new lawsuit would be time barred, why?
The EEOC is by their action failing their mission to promote educational
excellence throughout the nation.   

According to Glenda Hood, Florida’s Secretary of State: Florida is an
"employment at-will" state. An employer can terminate an employee for any
reason, at any time, without advance notification so long as there is no
violation of federal or state law, (11.242, Chapter 11). Completely
ignored by the Polk County school system. 

I donated my time to train minorities and women to pass a mechanics test.
On August 17, 2005, School Board Attorney Deming Cowles wrote to me that
the school “can dismiss you for you’ re [sic] ethnic background....’ no
explanation needed “. Can't you see that this has been eating me alive? I
am presently tutoring a colored lady to prepare for her electrical
journeyman exam. My family is telling me that I am nothing else but a
fool because of the treatment I received by the Polk County School
System. 

May 15, 2002, is the day that President Bush signed into law the Federal
(No FEAR) Act to increase federal agency accountability against
Discrimination and Retaliation. The Polk County School Board is ignoring
those laws,

Friday, May 5th, 2006, the day that the Florida Legislature gave final
approval to House Bill 1123, the "Government Accountability Act." The
Polk County School Board has been ignoring your laws. We are entitled to
an explanation by our Senators and Representatives in the State of
Florida in who is holding the school boards accountable. 

Sincerely yours,

John Meyer
404 Whitman Rd.
Winter Haven Fl. 33884
From:	John Nooney <vendo5@yahoo.com>
Sent:	Wednesday, July 5, 2006 11:16 PM
To:	vendo5@yahoo.com; Mark Vieira; Chip Patterson; john peyton; Mary Hudak; Fugate, Craig; Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	[*] Fwd: failure notice
Attachments:	failure notice

Dear Mary,
               Please send this to Mary Lynn Miller. Thanks John Nooney 
Let me know if you get this.

Note: forwarded message attached.

  _____  

Want to be your own boss? Learn how on Yahoo! Small Business. 
From:	ross greybill <ross2vegas@peoplepc.com>
Sent:	Wednesday, July 5, 2006 10:32 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Cc:	APP
Subject:	[*] Fw: Emailing: OUR CORRUPT PRESIDENT AND SENATE
Attachments:	banner1.jpg; spacer.gif; ad_paidtext.gif; banner3.jpg; left_top1.gif; left_writeOfficials.gif; left_enterZip.gif; left_byPeople.gif; left_forPeople.gif; election06.gif; spacer.gif; 20004.jpg_size=147x105; spacer.gif; but_bio_bio.gif_type=cs&color=000099; but_bio_sendmessage.gif_type=cs&color=000099; but_bio_letters_on.gif_type=cs&color=000099; megavotepromo.gif; soapbox5.gif; soapbox_up.gif; soapbox_down.gif

Congress.org
----- Original Message ----- 
From: ross greybill 
To: APP 
Cc: ross greybill 
Sent: Wednesday, July 05, 2006 8:57 PM
Subject: Emailing: OUR CORRUPT PRESIDENT AND SENATE



            
                    
            
     
                 
                    a.. Home 
                      
                          
                 
           
              a.. President & Vice Pres. 
              b.. Congress 
              c.. Federal Agencies 
              d.. Supreme Court 
              e.. State Officials 
              f.. Local Officials 

           


              a.. Take Action on Issues 
              b.. Soapbox: Raise an Issue 
              c.. Hand Deliver Your Letters 
              d.. Read Letters to Leaders 

           


              a.. Power Rankings 
              b.. Vote Monitor 
              c.. Search Recent Votes 
              d.. Search Current Bills 
              e.. Add Us to Your Web Site 
              f.. Send to a Friend 
              g.. Capitol Hill Basics 
              h.. Media Guide 
              i.. Books on Congress 
              j.. Register to Vote 

           
              


           
      
                 
                   
                 President George W. Bush  
                             
                             
                       
                       
                                  
                                 
                                 
                                 
                                 
                                 
                                 
                                 
                                · More Letters to
                                  President Bush

                                · Search All 
                                  Letters

                                 
                                 
                                See Vice President 
                                 
                                See First Lady 
                             
                             
                             
                             
                        Letters To Leaders 
                                 
                                 
                                All messages are published with permission of the sender. The general topic of this message is Immigration: 
                                 
                                 
                                Subject:
                                Bush deceives on border

                                To:
                                President George Bush

                                July 5, 2006

                                Bush deceives on border
                                Posted: June 27, 2006
                                1:00 a.m. Eastern

                                Many of President Bush's supporters continue to write to me saying I am not being fair to him on the border issue. 
                                With White House press secretary Tony Snow attacking WND by name for its "splashy" stories on the border, it's no wonder. 
                                But here are some facts - many of which may be deemed "inconvenient" by the White House, and, if Tony Snow or President Bush himself would like to address them, they are more than welcome. 
                                Until recently, Bush's rhetoric and actions on the border and illegal immigration meshed. Essentially, he told the American people they were too lazy to work, and the country needed cheap labor from Mexico. This was his rationalization for five or six years of border-security neglect. 
                                Now, however, Bush is sounding a different tune. Last month, in outlining his "comprehensive immigration reform plan," he said: "First, the United States must secure its borders. This is a basic responsibility of a sovereign nation. It is also an urgent requirement of our national security." 
                                There's just one problem. He's not sincerely working toward that goal. Even if the president's current border security proposals are implemented, the U.S. will still not have secure borders because neither his plan nor the Senate bill he supports includes enough Border Patrol agents, enough fencing, enough equipment and new technology to secure the border. 
                                Earlier this month, Bush made reference to "doubling the size of the Border Patrol during my administration." 
                                There's just one problem. Not only has the Border Patrol not been doubled during his administration, the White House has fought against significant increases in its budget every year since 2001. Actually, the Border Patrol was growing faster during the Clinton administration - before Sept. 11, 2001 - than it has since 9-11. The Clinton administration increased the Border Patrol from 4,026 in 1993 to 9,078 when they left office in 2001, an increase of 5,052 agents or 125 percent. Bush has increased the manpower from 9,078 to the 11,800 we have today, an increase of 2,722 agents or 30 percent. 
                                Just last year, four full years after 9-11, the White House's 2006 budget included funds for only 210 new Border Patrol agents, not the 2,000 new agents authorized by Congress in the Intelligence Reform Act of 2004. He still has not adopted the congressional plan to add 2,000 new agents per year for five years. 
                                To sell his neglect of the border and the immigration laws of the land, Bush has purposely redefined the word "amnesty." He did this once again earlier this month: "Amnesty is: OK, everybody who is here, you're a citizen. That's amnesty." 
                                As I have explained before, "amnesty" has never meant a grant of "automatic citizenship." Amnesty is, instead, any plan that allows people who entered the country illegally to profit from that lawbreaking. 
                                Once again, earlier this month, Bush reiterated the defamatory statement that illegal aliens are sneaking across the border to "do work Americans aren't doing." 
                                There's just one problem. Of 473 job categories studied by the Center for Immigration Studies for the year 2004, only four - plasters and stucco masons, dressmakers and sewers, agricultural graders and sorters, and miscellaneous personal appearance workers - had a majority of immigrant workers, and only 23 out of 473 job categories (less than 5 percent) had 33 percent or more. More to the point, every single kind of work done by illegal aliens in this country is also performed by Americans. 
                                One of the reasons some jobs are increasingly being taken over by illegals is because they will accept jobs for lower pay. When a construction worker loses a $15 an hour job to an illegal worker who will do it for $8.50, that is not an example of a poor work ethic by Americans. 
                                Bush also recently told Americans: "Since 2001, we have apprehended and sent back 6 million people trying to get in the country." 
                                There's just one problem. Since 2001, the U.S. government apprehended 6 million people out of at least 18 million who tried to get into our country, but those 6 million were not sent home. Mexican nationals apprehended are merely put back through the gate to try again the next night or the next week. 
                                Bush also said just last month: "We need to hold employers to account for the workers they hire." 
                                There's just one problem. During the eight years of the Clinton administration, 5,587 employers were fined for violating the laws against employing illegal workers, an average of 698 per year. During the first four years of the Bush administration, a total of 218 fines were issued - less than 55 per year. In 2004 only four fines were issued. 
                                Again, last month, Bush claimed: "We have ended the policy of catch-and-release." 
                                There's just one problem. Six months after announcing this policy change, thousands of non-Mexicans are still being released for lack of detention space. Worse yet, some of them are from Middle Eastern countries. 
                                Again, just last month, Bush claimed about his amnesty program: "Every worker who applies for the [guest worker] program would be required to pass a criminal background check." 
                                There's just one problem. The U.S. government does not have the capability of doing this. The U.S. can only check criminal records within the U.S, not crimes illegal aliens may have committed in their home countries. Mexico does not even have a centralized database of criminal warrants. Tens of thousands of child molesters, car thieves and violent criminals who entered our country illegally would be eligible for a legal work permit under both the president's plan and the Senate bill passed May 25. 
                                Bush has also stated that under his plan "temporary workers" will go home when their employment term is up: "We've got to have a comprehensive approach that includes a temporary worker plan that says you can come and do a job . and then once you finish that time, you go home." 
                                There's just one problem. There is no requirement in Bush's plan or the Senate bill that "temporary" guest workers actually go home after three or six years when their temporary work permit ends. They can then apply for permanent resident alien status (a "green card") at any time and gain eventual citizenship. 
                                That's the truth, the whole truth and nothing but the truth about the border and the illegal alien invasion. What do you have to say about that, Tony? 


                                Dundee , IL

                                 
                              Related Issue Alerts: . The Real Politics of Immigration: Amnesty & Secret Ballot Protection Act - National Alliance for Worker and Employer Rights  
                                . Amnesty Republicans create new wave of forced unionism; - National Alliance for Worker and Employer Rights  
                                . Contact Your Representative to Support Comprehensive Immigration Reform - Justice for Immigrants: A Journey of Hope. The Catholic Campaign for Immigration Reform  
                                . Phone Your Representative to Support Comprehensive Immigration Reform - Justice for Immigrants: A Journey of Hope. The Catholic Campaign for Immigration Reform  
                                more action alerts...  
                                 
                             
                             
                       
                  
                   
                 
            
                        Issues raised by the people.
                        Post yours on Soapbox! 
                 
                  More Soapbox alerts  
                       
                 
                        Official Recognition of the Little Shell Tribe - MT
                        viewed 2 times

                        Pension Reform - WA
                        viewed 12 times

                        How Can Bush Stand By Israel When Our Prisons Are Full with Murderers and Child Abductors? - CA
                        viewed 75 times

                        Stem Cells Treatment - FL
                        viewed 35 times

                        Our Country in Trouble? - TX
                        viewed 123 times

                        How the Patriot Act Compares to Hitler's Enabling Act - CA
                        viewed 432 times

                        Martin Luther King, Jr., National Historic Site - CA
                        viewed 123 times

                        Corruption in Nevada Government - NV
                        viewed 204 times

                        "I Don't Know Captain Scott Speicher" - FL
                        viewed 256 times

                        The Phony "War on Terror" - CA
                        viewed 445 times

                        Defense/Military - AZ
                        viewed 186 times

                        "The U.S. Troops Don't Support the Constitution" From a Gulf War 1 Vet - AZ
                        viewed 315 times

                        Www.globalcrier.blogspot.com/ - NY
                        viewed 136 times

                        The Bush Family Terrorist ! - FL
                        viewed 518 times

                        Cell Phone Disease - OH
                        viewed 243 times

                        Supreme Court Has Found Bush Guilty of War Crimes - CA
                        viewed 494 times

                        Does "Zero Tolerance" Over Rule "No Child Left Behind Act." - GA
                        viewed 241 times

                        This is Eternal Life - NY
                        viewed 281 times

                        Detention Camps for Political Dissidents Built in Usa - CA
                        viewed 385 times

                        Bush Plans for a Third Term Presidency - CA
                        viewed 790 times

                        Is George W. Bush a Psychopath? - CA
                        viewed 599 times

                        Armed Forces Chairman Hunter Determined to Link Old Chemical Findings to Reason to Go to War in Iraq - MI
                        viewed 245 times

                        George is a Servant of the People - CA
                        viewed 300 times

                        Does "Zero Tolerance" Over Rule "No Child Left Behind Act." - GA
                        viewed 249 times

                        End Horse Slaughter in the Us! - MN
                        viewed 402 times

                        Illegal Immigration, Political Correctness,And Our Politicians - CA
                        viewed 456 times

                        Stop the Sin of High Interest Credit Cards - CA
                        viewed 219 times

                        Hemp for Victory - WI
                        viewed 199 times

                        Please Save the Army's Neurofibromatosis Research Program (Nfrp) In the Fiscal Year 2007 Defense Appropriations Bill. - MA
                        viewed 157 times

                        The Circumcision Operation - OR
                        viewed 216 times

                        How Many of the Pro-Illegal Alien Originations Like Azltan & Our Politicians Are Receiving Money from the Mexican Drug . - OK
                        viewed 282 times

                        Ga Preditor Law Jeopordizes Us All - GA
                        viewed 172 times

                        Experts Call for Release of 9/11 Evidence - MD
                        viewed 617 times

                        Freedom of the Press Vs the New York Times - GA
                        viewed 612 times

                        Private Companies "Sponsoring" Medicare Are Increasing Costs and Robbing Us Blind - CA
                        viewed 461 times

                        Blink 182 Star Latest Celebrity to Question 9/11 - MD
                        viewed 837 times

                        Housing/Mental Illness - MD
                        viewed 370 times

                        The Treasonous Among the Media - AL
                        viewed 880 times

                        Americans Take Notes on How to Usurp a Dictator - CA
                        viewed 830 times

                        Stealing - NY
                        viewed 564 times

                        To All Elected Officials - MS
                        viewed 904 times

                        Stop Fighting---you Are Hurting Our Military! - WI
                        viewed 593 times

                        Pro-Illegal Aliens Politicians Are Either Totally Stupid or Totally Corrupt There Can Be No Other Excuse! - OK
                        viewed 1586 times

                        Infant Circumcision - OR
                        viewed 761 times

                        George W. Bush is a War Criminal - CA
                        viewed 1090 times

                        Flag Desecration is Not an Issue - CA
                        viewed 827 times

                        To the New Yorker Who Wrote 'Freedom of the Press' - IL
                        viewed 717 times

                        People Are Demanding Impeachment - NY
                        viewed 862 times

                        Impeach Bush and Cheney, It'S Easy - CA
                        viewed 946 times

                       
                        See more..  
                 

                  More Soapbox alerts  
                        
           
     
     
--------------------------------------------------------------------------
            © 2006 Capitol Advantage LLC.
            About Us   Contact Us   Frequently Asked Questions   Privacy Policy   Terms of use 
            To update or correct any information on this site please contact our Research Department 

           
      



--------------------------------------------------------------------------------


No virus found in this incoming message.
Checked by AVG Free Edition.
Version: 7.1.394 / Virus Database: 268.9.8/380 - Release Date: 6/30/2006
From:	Kernklan3@wmconnect.com
Sent:	Wednesday, July 5, 2006 10:37 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	[*] Fwd: From 'Write Your Representative' Website
Attachments:	Re: From 'Write Your Representative' Website

 
From:	Fsp2a@aol.com
Sent:	Wednesday, July 5, 2006 10:31 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Re: Manatees

Please inform the Governor that his answer to my inquiry does nothing to placate me. Wth 27,000 new boaters and more marinas to accommodate these boats, Florida's waterways are not a pleasant habitat for man or beast.
 
Taxes have been cut so drastically that we have no effective enforcement because the marine patrol has been spread too thin to be effective. I don't want to hear the rhetoric of the
Game and Fish Commission it rings hollow. Any commission that would allow 930 Gopher Tortises to be entombed live by a developer is not even worth my consideration.
 
Either the Governor is going to stand by his word or we will know he is not to be taken seriously in any endeavor.
 
I suggest the Governor issue a proclamation that will validate his promise to save the Manatee and not pass-the-buck to a group of bureaucrats that have no real interest in what they are doing.
 
Cordially,  Gordon Williamson fsp2a@aol.com 
From:	michaelsFL5@aol.com
Sent:	Wednesday, July 5, 2006 10:21 PM
To:	thejoyfm@thejoyfm.com
Cc:	Governor Jeb Bush; mike@michaelmoore.com
Subject:	Re: Your JOYnews for July 5, 2006

Where is the liberty when insurance executives make over a million dollars a year & my home owner's insurance goes from $1200 a year to $3500 a year?  Where is the liberty in raping our wallets?  I've asked Jeb Bush but he doesn't answer. I guess he's too busy.  I cannot pay this increase. I do not even gross $25,000 a year. I might as well plan my own suicide than plan to work 3 jobs to pay for insurance.  It's that simple!  
From:	DeAna Mullins <deana_mullins@yahoo.com>
Sent:	Wednesday, July 5, 2006 10:19 PM
To:	nancygrace@cnn.com; larryking@cnn.com; loudobbs@cnn.com; itcouldhappentoyou@foxnews.com; brianandthejudge@foxnews.com; friends@foxnews.com; speakout@foxnews.com; ontherecord@foxnews.com; dateline@nbc.com; nightly@nbc.com; today@nbc.com; 2020@nbc.com; rusch@eibnet.com; mayor@ocfl.net; district1@ofcl.net; district2@ofcl.net; district3@ofcl.net; district4@ofcl.net; district5@ofcl.net; district6@ofcl.net; campaign@charliecrist.com; speaker@myflorida.com; Siplin, Gary; Constantine, Lee; Posey, Bill; comments@whitehouse.gov; Governor Jeb Bush; greta.vansusteren@foxnews.com; charlie.crist@myflorida.com; cfo@fldfs.com; geraldo@geraldoatlarge.com; lee.tom.web@flsenate.gov; Smith, Rod; Webster, Dan
Subject:	[*] Devastated and Desparate in Apopka, FL

Email Number 3 for most of you!!
July 5, 2006
 
To Whom It May Concern,
 
How can this keep on and how can so many people say there is nothing they can do?  
 
Myself and a number of other families get scammed by a FELON because the STATE and FINANCIAL INSTIUTIONS were asleep at the wheel and all we get told is “so sorry.”  This is ridiculous and I am ASHAMED to be a Floridian – yes, one of those rare individuals who was actually born and raised here.  I am ashamed of my state.
 
I still pay monthly payments on worthless property when the financial institution should have done their homework and never allowed this FELON to have access to money that I’d have to make payments on.
 
I have  personally paid nearly $5,000 in legal fees to try to resolve the lien (that we don’t think are legal but that doesn’t stop the crooked attorney to move forward and for me to have to defend myself) and break a contract with a FELON who has stolen $200,000.
 
Where is the pain for the FELON?  Yes, he sits in jail because we stuck the FBI on him because the State Probation Officer was obviously asleep at the wheel.  He still calls me from jail – how many calls are they allowed in a day?
 
Where is the pain for the FINANCIAL INSTITUTION?  They are still receiving monthly payments for useless land that they provided a FELON our money.  I’d love someone other than me to ask the following questions:
 
1)      Why did your bank employee refer to him as a Preferred Builder?
2)      Why did your bank employee tell me he was a good builder then stumbled when I asked name one thing that he has built?
3)      Why did they provide him millions without doing at least a credit check?
Assume a FELON who has spent a number of years in jail he would have poor credit.
4)      Why  an officer of the bank shut a door in my face when I asked about the                      loan they were getting ready to provide him – prior to the FBI coming in to ask questions?
5)      What they think about the Felon’s probation office being in the lobby of the bank?
6)      What type of guidelines do they have to safe guard their clients?
7)      Why was the appraisal that was done provided by someone the FELON chose and not a bank appraiser?
8)      Why did they provide more than what the land appraised for?  It shouldn’t have mattered what we signed – then why have an appraisal.
9)      Why didn’t they catch his name change when they were establishing him as one of their developers?
10)    Why the loan officer would not accept my calls when we were trying to get this loan and I had questions?
11) Why they provided him a mortgage on his million dollar plus headquarters?
 
I accept some responsibility for this decision – but why am I living this HELL and becoming more and more FINANCIALLY devastated.  There are laws and professional guidelines that should have protected me.
 
There is something someone can do and we are determined to find them.  We are so disappointed in our government, the laws and especially our elected officials.
 
Let’s recap who all I’ve contacted in the last couple of months:
 
The White House – form letter
 
Senator Nelson- office personnel called so sorry but can’t help
 
Congressman Fenney  - office personnel called so sorry but can’t help
 
State Senator Brummer – office personnel made call for us, sorry can’t really help and he is losing his seat at the end of this term.  Later I found out, he is however running for County Commissioner and someone came by my house asking if they could put up a sign – I don’t think so.
 
Orange County Mayor – no response at all
 
County Commissioners (contacted all) – no response at all
 
Governor Jeb Bush - office personnel called so sorry but can’t help
 
Lt. Governor Toni Jennings- no response at all
 
Attorney General Charlie Crist – after second email office personnel met with us, sorry 
not much we can do to help.
 
Florida Department of Business and Regulations – provided information on funds, sorry you don’t fit the small scope in which the law provides for, so sorry.
 
Florida Department of Agriculture and Consumer Services – sent complaint form, so sorry can’t do much else
 
Numerous Individuals at City of Apopka – sorry can’t help, most never responded back to us.
 
Federal Bureau of Investigations – spent hours with them and they investigated and got the FELON on laundering money for a drug dealer.
 
 
 
If at my job I made these types of errors I’d be fired – why is NO ONE ACCOUNTABLE.  I am (there are about 50 others) now out over $200,000 for property that would probably appraise today at $35,000 – but don’t forget the $153,000 illegal lien that is currently placed on the property.
 
 
 
.
 
There has to be SOMEONE out there that can CHAMPION our cause.  I don’t want something unrealistic – I just want out of this nightmare.  Here is what I would like to see happen:
 
1)      The bank to let me sign over my property and they forgive the loan of approximately $125,000.  They have errors and omissions insurance they will become whole – believe me they have a ton of errors.
2)      For the State Real Estate Relief Fund to repay me the real estate fees that were paid to Felon’s wife approximately $12,000.
3)      For the State Contractor Relief Fund to repay me my deposit of approximately $42,000.
 
I would still be out approximately $30,000 cash and that is fine with me because I own some of this responsibility too.  I did my homework as best I could with the information I was provided and got burned badly, but many others were asleep at the wheel or looked the other way and are not being burned at all.
 
PLEASE HELP!!!!
 
Please contact us and at least hear our story!!!
 
 
Sincerely,
 
DeAna Mullins-Gudino
1747 Sweetwater West Circle
Apopka, FL  32712
407-814-0592 evening
407-691-9895 daytime
 

  _____  

Want to be your own boss? Learn how on Yahoo! Small Business. 
From:	tonytke@yahoo.com
Sent:	Wednesday, July 5, 2006 9:52 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	[*] Crosby pleads guilty to accepting kickbacks

This St. Petersburg Times (http://www.sptimes.com) story has been sent to you from: tonytke@yahoo.com

Pardon these guys!!! They belong to"The Rangers" fund raiser club!!!

Crosby pleads guilty to accepting kickbacks
By LUCY MORGAN
Published July 5, 2006

http://www.sptimes.com/2006/07/05/State/Crosby_pleads_guilty_.shtml

null

Former Corrections Chief James V. Crosby Jr. has admitted taking more than $130,000 in kickbacks between October 2003 and February of 2006 when he was forced to resign.<br /><br />In a plea agreement reached with federal prosecutors Wednesday, Crosby admitted corruptly accepting the money and agreed to cooperate in a continuing investigation of others in an effort to get a reduced prison sentence.<br /><br />Allen Clark, former director of prisons in North Florida and a close Crosby associate, entered a similar agreement with prosecutors. Both men have agreed to forfeit assets acquired with the kickbacks they received.<br /><br />Clark resigned on August 30, 2005, as state and federal investigators began looking at his conduct.<br /><br />The kickbacks were allegedly paid by Edward L. Dugger and an associate in return for a subcontract obtained for prison canteen sales handled by Keefe Commissary Network.<br /><br />Dugger is described as &quot;&quot;the conspirator&#39;&#39; in documents filed in federal court Wednesday. He did not return a telephone call from a <em>Times</em> reporter.<br /><br />Crosby worked his way up through the state prison system after going to work in 1975 and was named Secretary of the Department of Corrections in 2003 by Gov. Jeb Bush.<br /><br />At the governor&#39;s urging, Crosby joined many other state officials in pursuit of private contracts to replace canteens previously run by prison inmates. He hired Keefe in 2003 under a contract that has since been criticized by state auditors. &nbsp;&nbsp;¬© Copyright 2002-2006, St. Petersburg Times
From:	JSKALET@aol.com
Sent:	Wednesday, July 5, 2006 9:24 PM
To:	Detert, Nancy
Cc:	Aronberg, Dave; Bennett, Michael (LEG); frederick.brummer@myfloridahouse.gov; Governor Jeb Bush; Carlton, Lisa; Clarke, Donna; Brett@tg2006.com; Lt. Governor Toni Jennings; info@sarasotataxcollector.com; thomas.gallagher@myflorida.com; Galvano, Bill; Grant, Michael; luisguinart@sarasotaproperty.org; manateepoa@co.manatee.fl.us; jeffrey.kottkamp@myfloridahouse.org; Kreegel, Paige; jley@scgov.net; pmercier@scgov.net; Miller, Lesley; dmills@scgov.net; npatters@scgov.net; Peterman, Frank; Reagan, Ron; clkinfo@scgov.net; jseward@scgov.net; sstaub@scgov.net; appraiser@sarasotaproperty.org; exemptions@leepa.org; b.ardren@verizon.net; liz.babiarz@heraldtribune.com; lburke@longboatobserver.com; dcalabroe@floridataxwatch.org; michael.connelly@heraldtribune.com; tdukes@longboatobserver.com; editor.letters@heraldtribune.com; eric.ernst@heraldtribune.com; larry.evans@heraldtribune.com; julia.glick@heraldtribune.com; ajohnson@jcpgroup.com; WKealing@aol.com; neal.peirce@heraldtribune.com; michael.scarcella@heraldtribune.com; maurice.tamman@heraldtribune.com; rthomston@sarasotaobserver.com; thomas.tryon@heraldtribune.com; jturcotte@floridataxwatch.org; lbwalsh@longboatobserver.com; mwalsh@longboatobserver.com; cathy.zollo@heraldtribune.com
Subject:	Re: LETTER TO THE EDITOR

Dear Nancy,  it means a lot to me that you would take the time to read my comments regarding the homestead exemption,  have interest in those comments and take the time to send me your thoughts.  I know that fraud is a problem in virtually all areas of public assistance, municipal and state services and the collection of revenues to provide for them.   Property tax revenue is such a significant and essential part of that equation that I think collection and fair assessment of it is extremely important as I know you do.  One thing that I believe the  68  county appraisers really need out of Tallahassee is a clear definition of what constitutes  “in good faith occupy the property as a permanent residence”  as written in the statute,  this is pretty vague and as a result,  the appraisers vary a lot on what questions they ask to determine it. I think they need “teeth”  in order for their determination to hold up against aggressive claimants.  What amount of rental disqualifies the owner,  home much of the year do they need to live there,  can they have a residence exemption in another state,  can family live there, do both spouses have to live there, etc.?   I believe that most statutes,  once created and passed by the legislature,  need an interpretation,  usually done by the state attorney general’s office.  When I asked that office to define for me what criteria determined if an owner was using the property as a permanent resident,  their spokesman told me to get an attorney in private practice to advise me.  If that’s what the appraisers are getting,  no wonder they are trying to figure out how to enforce it and no wonder it varies so much from one County to another.  I have attached a link to the Lee County Fraud suspicion form if you would like to pass it on to Mr. Todora. Lee Cty-fraud report  (click on homestead fraud report at top of page) I don’t think it would be well received from me.   Best regards to you and thank you again for your willingness to communicate on this.  Please call on me if I can ever be of help to you or any of your efforts.   Just so you know a little more about who you are talking too,   I am not a Florida voter yet.  I live and work in Denver, CO and own a small condominium on Siesta Key and I am a Condominium Association Board member there and a member of the Siesta Key Association.  I am a CPA by background and when I retire I will spend a lot more time in your beautiful area.  I have a genuine interest in the fiscal health of Florida of the Sarasota community.

 

John  (800) 321 9592

 
In a message dated 7/5/2006 12:08:46 P.M. Mountain Daylight Time, Nancy.Detert@myfloridahouse.gov writes:


Dear Mr. Skalet;
 
Thank you for your e-mail regarding Homestead Exemptions.  You point to something that is needed-more enforcement of existing laws by the property appraisers office.  Naturally, they do not have enough staff to check the veracity of each exemption. However, we would all benefit by increasing their staff so as to cut down on fraud.  We see the same problem in other areas such as health insurance, workers comp., etc.  It would pay to have enough people to enforce current laws.  As a law maker, I support more money to hire more inspectors.  The idea of a website for reporting is a good one.  We all know which neighbors are part time and which are full time.
 
Thank you for your suggestion.
 
Sincerely,
 
Rep. Nancy Detert-Venice

  _____  

From: JSKALET@aol.com [mailto:JSKALET@aol.com] 
Sent: Wednesday, July 05, 2006 1:03 AM
To: editor.letters@heraldtribune.com
Cc: b.ardren@verizon.net; liz.babiarz@heraldtribune.com; lburke@longboatobserver.com; dcalabroe@floridataxwatch.org; michael.connelly@heraldtribune.com; tdukes@longboatobserver.com; eric.ernst@heraldtribune.com; larry.evans@heraldtribune.com; julia.glick@heraldtribune.com; ajohnson@jcpgroup.com; WKealing@aol.com; neal.peirce@heraldtribune.com; michael.scarcella@heraldtribune.com; maurice.tamman@heraldtribune.com; rthomston@sarasotaobserver.com; thomas.tryon@heraldtribune.com; jturcotte@floridataxwatch.org; lbwalsh@longboatobserver.com; mwalsh@longboatobserver.com; cathy.zollo@heraldtribune.com; ARONBERG.DAVE.WEB; BENNETT.MIKE.WEB; frederick.brummer@myfloridahouse.gov; jeb.bush@myflorida.com; CARLTON.LISA.WEB; Clarke, Donna; Detert, Nancy; Brett@tg2006.com; flltgov@myflorida.com; info@sarasotataxcollector.com; thomas.gallagher@myflorida.com; Galvano, Bill; Grant, Michael; luisguinart@sarasotaproperty.org; manateepoa@co.manatee.fl.us; jeffrey.kottkamp@myfloridahouse.org; Kreegel, Paige; jley@scgov.net; pmercier@scgov.net; MILLER.LESLEY.WEB; dmills@scgov.net; npatters@scgov.net; Peterman, Frank; Reagan, Ron; clkinfo@scgov.net; jseward@scgov.net; sstaub@scgov.net; appraiser@sarasotaproperty.org; exemptions@leepa.org
Subject: LETTER TO THE EDITOR




XT DIS   THE NEXT DISASTER!        HURRICANE OR THE HOMESTEAD EXEMPTION?

 

As I read the Sarasota papers it seems ironic to me that the very office of the County that is saddled with the task of policing the Homestead Exemption now seems to be advertising for new applicants.   I suppose that it is important to notify “would be, legitimate, entitled, Homesteaders to the benefits of the Homestead Exemption and the corresponding “Save our Homes” Amendment but it seems to me that a far bigger issue for the Sarasota County Appraisers office is to do some policing and reduce the wide spread abuse of the Exemption by claimants who do not “in good faith make it his or her permanent home”.   The Sarasota county,  Homestead claimants must make application, asserting that they truly are a permanent Florida Resident, evidenced by things like tax returns, drivers license, voter registration, auto registration,  and current employment.  Other counties  require various documents like exemption withdrawals from other state’s of residence and statements from the owner(s) that they have not rented their property during the past 2 years.   In the Sarasota application they must also state their date of occupancy of the specific property and whether or not they got an exemption last year.  They do not need to state that they do not intend to rent their property but they do need to state that “they qualify under the statute for the Exemption and that they own and occupy the subject property.”  What the statute actually says is that the applicant must be a permanent Florida Resident and that they “in good faith occupy the property as their permanent residence.”  It also states that  “rental of an entire dwelling previously claimed to be a Homestead for tax purposes shall constitute the abandonment of said dwelling as a Homestead”,  however,  if the property is occupied by the claimant on January 1st but is later rented during that year they do not abandon the Homestead “ so long as this provision is not used for two consecutive years”   What that tells me is that a legitimate exemption claimant can rent a property after January 1st of the Exemption year but they can not do it two years in a row without sacrificing the Exemption.   I believe that it is this provision that is being totally ignored by the appraiser’s office.  The appraiser’s responsibility in the statute is to “examine each claim” and determine “accordance with law (the statute), marking the same approved and making the proper deductions on the tax books”   You might say, “what’s the big deal?”   The big deal is that millions of dollars of tax burden, county, schools, fire, hospital, water and emergency services is being transferred over to the part time resident owners when illegitimate claimants are getting a huge reduction on their tax bill.  The biggest reductions are coming from the “Save our Homes” amendment which limits annual increases on Homesteaded properties to only 3% or the CPI.  As the tax burden shifts to the honest taxpayer,  fewer and fewer properties make sense as investments or rentals,  reducing the number of properties available to house tourists who bring our County huge sales tax revenues and our businesses most of their sales revenue  The least expensive beach area properties now have a property tax burden over $4,000 a year,  20% over last year and they have total occupancy levels averaging about 20% of available days. What this means is that the owners will claim the exemption and not rent, try to sell their property, or claim the exemption and still rent.  It is the Homesteading claimant who is periodically renting their unit each year where I believe there is widespread fraud and the appraiser’s office needs to get enforcement engaged.  It is my opinion that this abuse of the rental prohibition in the statute, that calls for abandonment of the exemption on  properties rented for any amount of time in any two consecutive years,  is unchecked.  I believe this could be enforced easily in that every management company or renting condominium association files an individual taxpayer 1099 tax form with the Federal Government and the Florida Department of Revenue for each owners collected rental revenue each year.  They also collect, report and submit to the County Treasurer the sales tax collected on the rental income of the owner.  This record could simply be checked against the list of owners claiming the Homestead Exemption, identifying the tax evaders.   A few misdemeanor convictions, collection of taxes in arrears with interest and $5000 fines would drastically reduce the abuse..   Many beach area owners are now saving in excess of $10,000 a year by utilizing  the Homestead Exemption. I did my own little research study and found that about 18% of the roughly 500,  million dollar plus units at the Posh Siesta Key “Gulf and Bay Resort”  were paying property taxes as a permanent resident,  paying around $4,000 in taxes while their neighbors were paying around $14,000.  Give me a break!,  nowhere near 18% of owners of  beachfront properties like Gulf and Bay  “in good faith occupy the property as their permanent residence”.  Granted,  the legislature or the State Attorney General do need to more specifically define what “in good faith occupy the property” means.   If owners don’t need to lie on the Sarasota application that they “use the property as their permanent residence” and “that they don’t rent their properties”, they will continue to steal from the rest of us!   In defense of the Sarasota County Appraiser’s office,  it appears that there is no current staff available to enforce compliance with the Florida Statutes regarding the Homestead Exemption.  The Lee County appraiser has initiated a web-site anonymous fraud suspicion report for his constituents to assist the efforts of his office in eliminating this fraud.   I suggest to the Sarasota County appraiser’s office that they first obtain the supporting detail from the management companies collecting the rental taxes and compare it to the list of Homestead Exemption owners!  Recent articles in the Herald and other Florida newspapers have been focused on alleged frauds and abuses being owners of Homesteaded properties in more than one Florida county.  I think the multiple Florida property issue is dwarfed by the partial year Florida residents  who are claiming the exemption and don’t meet the criteria,  leaving the burden to the rest of us who are honest.

 

John T. Skalet

Siesta Key Property Owner

 
From:	aDiveley2006@aol.com
Sent:	Wednesday, July 5, 2006 8:51 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	freedom

dear jeb bush i write you emails because i love my computer you are a very deasant person your the one who should run for president your mother and father must be very proud parents one son is the president the other son a governor i realy hope you run some day when you do i am going to help you because you helped me...
From:	Paul Nadeau <pnaydue@hotmail.com>
Sent:	Wednesday, July 5, 2006 8:45 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	[*] Attorney David Lane's resignation

Dear Governor Bush,

I wish that I could be contacting you under happier means, but 
unfortunately, because of Mr. David Lane, Assistance State Attorney of 
Seminole County and his use of your title of Governor in a letter he sent to 
my home state of South Carolina at the time, I am not.

Mr. Lane contacted Law Enforcement and Public Safety Officials in South 
Carolina starting around March of 2004 after I challenged the authority of 
Officer Lori-Anne Annello of the Winter Springs Police Department after she 
contacted me at my home in Fort Mill, SC on February 10th, 2004.  I was 
eventually arrested in my home State.

Mr. Lane invoked the title of Governor of Florida in his correspondence with 
State Law Enforcement Officials and Public Safety.  I perceived his use of 
your title as an act of intimidation towards these representative of South 
Carolina and in an effort to cover up the mistakes made by Officer Annello, 
Mr. Lane orchestrated a smear campaign in my home state, fishing for support 
when his Officer may have violated South Carolina State Law in contacting me 
in the first place.

My complaints to the Winter Springs Internal Affairs Officer Lt. Bernoski, 
included challenging Officer Annello's authority in opening mail she was 
handed still sealed and unopened from my co-author's (a grown man) parents 
who had accepted responsibility for final delivery of the letter but had 
collected the mail for several months and given them to Officer Annello, not 
the intended recipient.  His parents were poorly advised by Officer Annello 
who did not have a federal search warrant, nor the authority granted based 
on the evidence I received, in opening mail that was addressed "personal and 
confidential for" to someone other then the people that had assumed 
responsibility for delivery of the mail (to the intended recipient) or 
Officer Annello.

My Constitutional and Civil rights were violated in your State and what 
makes matters worse is that Mr. David Lane and Officer Annello, based on the 
correspondence I have received and read, orchestrated a conspiracy to deny 
me my Constitutional and Civil Rights in my home state of South Carolina and 
deceived, tricked, and intimidated State Law Enforcement and Public Safety 
Officials by invoking your title in his request for assistance in 
persecuting me and not admitting that she had called and threatened me on 
the phone.  Mr. Lane went fishing for support after someone from your State 
contacted my employer Microsoft in an effort to determine which State I 
worked in and which State I lived in and once they learned South Carolina, 
Mr. Lane started a smear campaign in order to illicit support for his cause 
using your title of Governor to sway the people's support he contacted in 
South Carolina.  You more than anyone knows who your brother is, our 
President, so please don't expect me to believe that by referencing your 
title, they didn't feel obligated to assist Mr. Lane.  It’s one of the 
fallacies of Logic that sales folks often use.

I want Mr. Lane to resign from public office.  He is an attorney who has 
sworn an oath as a Guardian of the Law - the Constitution of the United 
States of America and Civil Rights.  For him to abuse his authority and to 
orchestrate a conspiracy in an effort to cover the mistakes of a Winter 
Springs Police Officer is an abuse of his authority.  To use your title as 
Governor to solicit aid in his conspiracy is something I don't think the 
public needs to know.  Especially after of the negative press you and your 
brother have received concerning the Presidential Elections controversy.  I 
support the Bush family and served in the military under your father’s 
Presidency.

I want Mr. Lane's resignation and I want a copy of it in hand by Saturday, 
July 8th, 2006.  My life and the lives of others have suffered because of 
this man's actions.  I want this matter to be over and done with so I can go 
back to being a happy American Veteran.

I also want an apology from Officer Annello, Lt Bernoski, and yourself sent 
to me and my family as well as the following individuals:

Ms. Elizabeth A. Kottmyer
S. C. Department of Public Safety
P.O. Box 1993
Blythewood, SC 29016
(803) 896-7882

Chief Robert M. Stewart
State Law Enforcement Division
4400 Broad River Road
P.O. Box 21398
Columbia, South Carolina 29221


Major Mark A. Keel, Esq.
Chief of Staff
South Carolina Law Enforcement Division
Columbia, South Carolina, 29221-1398
(803) 737-9000

Sheriff Bruce M. Bryant
Moss Justice Center
1675-2A York Highway
York, SC 29745

Detective Eddie Strait
Moss Justice Center
1674-2A York Highway
York, SC 29745

They are the individuals that Mr. Lane's actions have affected.  Men and 
Woman of Public service who task risks to insure the safety of others.  And 
my parents who are old and were upset over my arrest.

I want the apology to include Mr. and Mrs. Rogers and their grown son Scott 
who were affected by this as well.

I do not think that this is too much to ask for.  Mr. Lane took it upon 
himself to try and discredit me and wrong me, only it wasn't just me he was 
wronging.  You, your Brother, the American People and my own family are 
victims of his actions.  So I want him to be removed from public government 
and those two Law Enforcement Officers to be chastised for lying but not 
fired.  Who better to protect the rights of others then the two Law 
Enforcement Officers who may be guilty of wrong doings.  But Lt. Bernoski 
doesn’t belong in Internal Affairs at this time because she’s treated 
complaintants as adversary.  Maybe a three month rotation in another 
specialty will teach her to appreciate her position and her responsibility 
as an Internal Affairs Officer.

You, the State of South Carolina and I do not need to be involved in a 
Constitutional\Civil Rights issue, nor does your brother or his 
administration.  Mr. Lane's created one and he’s ticked off the wrong 
American.   Just ask the FBI if I’ve mentioned any of this to them.  Answer 
should be “yes he has”.   I swore an oath to defend the Constitution of the 
United States of America against all enemies foreign and domestic.  I allege 
Mr. Lane is a domestic enemy after he attempted to pervert the 
Constitutional and Civil right of this American in order to cover the 
mistake of his police officer.

I want his resignation by Saturday.

Respectfully yours,


Paul Anthony Nadeau
A Bush Family support

P.S.
As Governor, it might be a good idea to institute a complaint system within 
Florida Law Enforcement if you haven't already.  That way, Policeabuse.org 
doesn't focus on your State anymore.

You may send the apology to:

Mr. and Mrs. Nadeau
C/O
Paul A. Nadeau
36 Richard Blvd
Shelton, CT  06484

My cell should you need it is 917-509-9430

_________________________________________________________________
On the road to retirement? Check out MSN Life Events for advice on how to 
get there! http://lifeevents.msn.com/category.aspx?cid=Retirement

From:	jeff evans <jdiehl213@yahoo.com>
Sent:	Wednesday, July 5, 2006 8:37 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Electronic Harassments Must be Stopped in Florida !

Why is it that law enforcement are having such a problem with going after Vigilante Gang Stalking Crime groups, that perpetrate the law through the use of satellite assisted electro magnetic pulse wave weapons, which they use on many unsuspecting victims. The same kind of weapons that the military used on Sadam Hessian. And then again in Afghanistan, against Al Queda in an operation called Bolster to obtain information for the war effort there. How people in the public realm get their hands on such technologies is a real mystery to me. I have gone to and sent a lot of information about these people who have been doing this to me. To not only local law enforcement in this area, but to this states CID Office at Mac Dill Air Force bases, 3rd Military police battalion as well. I still am not getting anywhere with this matter. I am suspicious that these people can Video Voyeur me as well as stalk me through GPS and they also have a way to hit me with electronic beams from the satellites they access with their HERF laser technology. I sure hope we can get some sort of laws to protect the people of the Florida area, against these type crimes and the weapons systems they incorporate. How can these people broadcast with this equipment without any FCC licensing, anyway ! Thanks !!!

  _____  

Do you Yahoo!?
Everyone is raving about the all-new Yahoo! Mail Beta.
From:	Eddie Ritz <edwood1011@yahoo.com>
Sent:	Wednesday, July 5, 2006 8:30 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Energy

I liked your energy bill and maybe it covers what I'm
about to suggest, but if not here it is:
With all the talk about the citrus industry getting
hammered by canker, why not instead of letting the
developers build more homes lets use that land to grow
ethanol-producing crops like sugar, corn or
switchgrass. With FPL's attempts to diversify their
energy sources in the state why not start building
power plants that run on the stuff. I think that most
people would agree that our nation's greatest
vulnerability is our dependance on foreign oil. Why
not start hitting the nations that support terrorism
where it really it hurts.

__________________________________________________
Do You Yahoo!?
Tired of spam?  Yahoo! Mail has the best spam protection around 
http://mail.yahoo.com 
From:	Carlos Cespedes <floridatoday@comcast.net>
Sent:	Wednesday, July 5, 2006 8:16 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Your server at Radisson is not longer there

I am not working anymore in the Radisson Biscayne Blvd,but Maria will be taking care of you as I always did.You do not go to often to Alexander Hotel but sometimes I hope see you there in a jewish kosher party
 
Carlos Cespedes
your VIP server
From:	WAB1948@aol.com
Sent:	Wednesday, July 5, 2006 7:36 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	[*] Fwd: Fw: Quote of the Month
Attachments:	Fw: Quote of the Month

From:	Wendy Longman <wendy@windsongcharters.com>
Sent:	Wednesday, July 5, 2006 7:34 PM
To:	comments@whitehouse.gov
Cc:	vice_president@whitehouse.gov; Governor Jeb Bush; faleomavaega@mail.house.gov; pete.king@mail.house.gov; weiner@mail.house.gov; jserrano@mail.house.gov; mike.mcnulty@mail.house.gov; jeff.flake@mail.house.gov; George.Miller@mail.house.gov; sf.nancy@mail.house.gov; rpombo@mail.house.gov; gary.miller@mail.house.gov; dana@mail.house.gov; jack.kingston@mail.house.gov; gingrey.ga@mail.house.gov; ed.case@mail.house.gov; webmaster@jessejacksonjr.org; souder@mail.house.gov; John.Hostettler@mail.house.gov; tom.latham@mail.house.gov; rep.cardin@mail.house.gov; martin.meehan@mail.house.gov; stephen.lynch@mail.house.gov; william.delahunt@mail.house.gov; mn03@mail.house.gov; cbass@mail.house.gov; howard.coble@mail.house.gov; senator@dorgan.senate.gov; istook@mail.house.gov; curtpa07@mail.house.gov; michael.fitzpatrick@mail.house.gov; stephanie.herseth@mail.house.gov; rep.brady@mail.house.gov; henry.cuellar@mail.house.gov; senator_leahy@leahy.senate.gov; bobby.scott@mail.house.gov; ninthnet@mail.house.gov; Rick.Larsen@mail.house.gov; sensenbrenner@mail.house.gov; mark.green@mail.house.gov
Subject:	STOP THE ILLEGALS! Get Welfare People Working.

Dear Mr. Bush (and the people we've elected), 
 
I know this email will NEVER get read and will be lost in the quagmire of political red tape.  Thank you in advance for your time if you actually read this and take the time.  
 
We don't want the illegals here.  Whomever has told you we do - IS LYING TO YOU.  I don't care what the Dunkin-Donuts visit in Virginia yielded, we DO NOT need illegals to work in this country.
 
We need to get the LAZY welfare bums off welfare and work at Dunkin Donuts.  WOW!  There's a novel concept!
 
We need to STOP paying for 3 hots & a cot and charging criminals for their meth mouth and meals they eat.  We need to chain the criminals to orange trees and have them pick the oranges off the trees instead of the illegals.  I haven't seen a dentist in 4 years because I can't afford it and have no insurance.  When I DID have insurance, it was great!  By the age of 29 I had four lumpectomies.  I am almost 40 and cannot afford the mammogram to detect what's growing.  My mother had a total mastectomy at 50.  Thanks America for killing me because I cannot afford to have the lumps to be removed.
 
I WORK HARD AND HAVE NO HEALTH INSURANCE SO THE ILLEGALS CAN HAVE AN EASY LIFE AND GET MY SOCIAL SECURITY!
 
I LOST my house in the 2004 hurricanes. FEMA did NOTHING.  My insurance said "TOO BAD".  My mother lost her house in the 2006 FLOODS of upstate New York last week and FEMA said it is not a disaster area.
 
Keep paying for those sex changes FEMA.  That's OK.  Meanwhile my mother is homeless!  THANK YOU USA!!!!  Thank you Mr. Bush.
 
I was born in this country. My mother was born in this country.  I pay my taxes - EVERY YEAR!  I don't have bad driving record.  No criminal record.  Nothing!  Perhaps I should become a criminal or a terrorist because then this country would take care of me.  Pay for everything.
 
We the people are to blame for the debacle.  We elected the corrupt people into office.  Thanks for making the American Dream into the biggest farce known to the world.
 
I could go on and on....but you people don't care.  If my last name consisted of a tilde or this email was written in Spanish - maybe you would care.  Thanks for ruining MY American dream.  I was supposed to retire in two years.  I lost EVERYTHING in 911 and the 2004 hurricanes.  Enjoy your nice fat government pension and don't care about REAL Americans.   Keep taking care of the criminals, welfare slobs and illegals!  WAY TO GO AMERICA!!!!  
 
Most Disrespectfully, 
 
Wendy Norton Longman
6815 Curlew Lane
Hudson, FL 34667
wendy@windsongcharters.com
727-859-0213
 
Thought of the day:  REAL Americans work hard so the lazy welfare slobs can watch Judge Judy all day, Criminals can get free Meth Mouth care and illegals can take OUR social security!  
From:	WAB1948@aol.com
Sent:	Wednesday, July 5, 2006 7:33 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	[*] Fwd: FW: This will make you proud
Attachments:	Fwd: FW: This will make you proud

From:	TS <firechaser@comcast.net>
Sent:	Wednesday, July 5, 2006 6:47 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Re: Where do I find the corporate officers

Gee thanks for the timely information. I was able to find it myself. Hum 20 day delay I wonder what went wrong???

----- Original Message ----- 
From: Governor Jeb Bush 
To: TS 
Sent: Wednesday, July 05, 2006 3:32 PM
Subject: RE: Where do I find the corporate officers

Governor Bush has received your e-mail and has asked me to respond on his behalf.
 
The Division of Corporations in the Department of State has a website that may be of assistance to you.  The e-mail address is http://www.sunbiz.org/.
 
Thank you for writing and I hope this will be of help to you.
 
Sincerely,
 
Rex T. Newman
Citizens' Services
 
 From: TS [mailto:firechaser@comcast.net]
Sent: Thursday, June 15, 2006 7:07 PM
To: Governor Jeb Bush
Subject: Where do I find the corporate officers



I am looking to find the corporate offices and physical address of a company operating out of your state. The company's name is Total Protect Warranty http://www.totalprotect.com/main/home.asp and they operate under a company known as  Cross Country Home Services http://www.cchs.com/contact.htm 

P.O. Box 551540
Fort Lauderdale, Florida  33355-1540
(800) 778-8000
(954) 845-9100

 

Any help you give me will be appreciated

From:	flowersclb@aol.com
Sent:	Wednesday, July 5, 2006 5:56 PM
To:	kathy_stevens07@yahoo.fr
Cc:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	[*] Re: Strictly Confidential To Flowers

MADAM KATHY ,WHAT A WONDER THING YOU ARE DOING,I HAVE FOUND THE BEST WAY TO USE YOUR MONEY.I AM TRYING TO GET MY FRIEND JEB BUSH TO RUN FOR PRESIDENT IN THE NEXT PRESIDENTIAL ELECTION. I MYSELF AM AN AIR HEAD WHEN IT COMES TO MONEY.I DO NOT CARE MUCH FOR PRESIDENT BUSH AS I HAVE A FRIEND WHO'S SON WAS INJURED IN IRAQ.I MYSELF STRUGGLE TO PAY BILLS.A FEW TIMES I HAVE HAD TO DEAL WITH INJUSTICE.BOTH TIMES I SEND AN EMAIL TO THE GOVERNOR. TO MY AMAZEMENT HIS STAFF RESPONDED AND THE PROBLEMS WHERE TAKEN CARE OF.I AM FORWARDING THIS EMAIL TO HIM.WE THE CITIZENS OF UNITED STATES SALUTE YOU.WITH JEB AS PRESIDENT WE WILL ALL BENIFIT.
 
 MARGARET FLOWERS
 
 
-----Original Message-----
From: Madam Kathy Stevens <kathy_stevens@katamail.com>
To: undisclosed-recipients:;
Sent: Wed, 5 Jul 2006 17:49:17 +0200
Subject: Strictly Confidential To Flowers



Dear Friend,

In a brief, I am Madam Kathy Stevens, Wife of late Mr
Stevens James, a white farmer, murdered by unknown
assailants 2003 in Zimbabwe.

My husband was a great white farmer in Zimbabwe who
was brutally murdered in the land dispute in Zimbabwe
by the agents of the ruling government of President
ROBERT MUGABE for his alleged support and sympathy for
the opposition MDC PARTY led by the minority white
farmers.

 My husband was among the few white rich farmers murdered in cold blood by the
war veterans backed by the government. Before the death of my husband, he
deposit the sum of US$18M (Eighteen Million United State Dollars) with one of
the Financial Institution, as if he knew the looming danger in ZIMBABWE. We
were married for twelve years and God blessed us with two children.

Presently this money is still with the Financial
Institution. Recently, my Doctor told me that I might
not last for the next Eight months due to an
inflammation of my liver. This has led to my being on
24 hours intensive care in a private clinic here in
Cotonou Rep. of Benin. I am tired of living like this.

I have decided to donate part of this fund to an
individual, group or a charity organisation that will
utilize this money the way I am going to instruct
herein while half of the money shall be kept for the
betterment of my children. I want an individual, or
Charity Organisation that will use this fund for
orphanages, widows, and helping land mine victims
worldwide.

I took this decision because my husband's relatives
are Trouble Makers and I don't want my husband's
efforts to be used for trivialities I do not want a
situation where my husband's sweat will be used in
material pursuits. This is why I am taking this
decision.

As soon as I receive your reply I shall give you the
contact name of my lawyer, telephone number and email
address who will issue you a letter of authority that
will prove you the present beneficiary of this fund.

Please ensure to contact me with this email:kathy_stevens07@yahoo.fr to enable
me direct
you to my lawyer.

Any delay in your reply will give me room to source for another person for this
same purpose. Please assure me that you will act accordingly as I stated above.

Hope to receive your urgent reply.

Remain blessed.

Your Sister in Christ,
Madam Kathy Stevens.

  _____  

MailScanner has detected a possible fraud attempt from "pr.atwola.com" claiming to be Check out AOL.com today. Breaking news, video search, pictures, email and IM. All on demand. Always Free.

From:	keithwkaye@bellsouth.net
Sent:	Wednesday, July 5, 2006 5:57 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Re: NO Vacation pay even though I worked 15 DAYS Short of the Physical year NOW unemployed & uninsured

Thank you

----- Original Message ----- 
From: Governor Jeb Bush 
To: keithwkaye@bellsouth.net 
Sent: Wednesday, July 05, 2006 12:24 PM
Subject: RE: NO Vacation pay even though I worked 15 DAYS Short of the Physical year NOW unemployed & uninsured

You can obtain that information at www.congress.org.
 
Thank you for writing and I hope this is of help to you.
 
Sincerely,
 
Rex T. Newman
Citizens' Services

-----Original Message-----
From: keithwkaye@bellsouth.net [mailto:keithwkaye@bellsouth.net]
Sent: Tuesday, July 04, 2006 7:54 AM
To: Governor Jeb Bush
Subject: Re: NO Vacation pay even though I worked 15 DAYS Short of the Physical year NOW unemployed & uninsured


Do you have email addresses for legislators?

----- Original Message ----- 
From: Governor Jeb Bush 
To: keithwkaye@bellsouth.net 
Sent: Sunday, June 25, 2006 4:57 PM
Subject: RE: NO Vacation pay even though I worked 15 DAYS Short of the Physical year NOW unemployed & uninsured

Governor Bush has received your e-mail and has asked me to respond on his behalf.
 


As you may know, Florida has very few laws governing employer/employee relations.  The Florida Legislature is responsible for debating and creating new laws, so you may want to contact your legislators to make them aware of your views.  

 

I wish you success in your future professional experiences.  If you have not consulted an attorney, you may want to consider doing so.  I am concerned about your problem, and am sorry that the law does not provide me the power to assist you further.

 

Sincerely, 

 

Rex T. Newman

Citizens' Services

-----Original Message-----
From: keithwkaye@bellsouth.net [mailto:keithwkaye@bellsouth.net]
Sent: Saturday, June 17, 2006 11:01 AM
To: Governor Jeb Bush
Subject: NO Vacation pay even though I worked 15 DAYS Short of the Physical year NOW unemployed & uninsured
Importance: High



To whom may be interested,
 
Why is it that Florida doesn't have a law covering workers with accrued vacation and Insurance (Cobra) when closing? I have worked for a company for 16 years and now the Investor's have decided to close. Accrued vacation with this company is from 07/01/05 - 06/30/06. We are still working from day to day (06/16 over half the month of June when vacation is due 7/1) answering the phones telling customers we are not taking orders until the fall and collecting money owed. Why should a business be allowed to steal from workers like this? Why can't we collect the money owed us? 
 
Concerned employee soon to be unemployed & uninsured,
keithwkaye@bellsouth.net 
     

From:	bluemax44@bellsouth.net
Sent:	Wednesday, July 5, 2006 5:53 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Re: Governor Jeb Bush's IN THE NEWS... Friday, June 30, 2006

this is all good..but what us poor people who are going to have to pay citizens home insurance 2400 a year or even higher for some..i was qutoed by the end of august when my insurance company drops us citiazens will be for me 2899 a year for a manufactored home..this is toataly assanine...you can buy a four bedroom house up north and even have the land and two car garage and everything else and gu ess what the homeowners insurance are in delaware...600 a year...and no high pro;perty taxes or association fees of 300 every three months...for what ..so called paradise..that is why everyone i know is moving out of florida...florida is not fun...its only for the rich and politicans....have fun...dont mind my way if if sounds like im a little mad...iam...bye for now ..bernie and i will be surprised if  i hear from you or any other politcian..i live in stuart fla and the congressmen and all of them are making a hell of lot of money on these developers who are tearing down everything and building houses and apartments and condos of which no one can afford in fla....have fun down here....
> 
> From: "Governor Jeb Bush" <jeb.bush@myflorida.com>
> Date: 2006/07/02 Sun PM 03:29:27 EDT
> To: "Governor Jeb Bush" <jeb.bush@myflorida.com>
> Subject: Governor Jeb Bush's IN THE NEWS... Friday, June 30, 2006
> 
> For those E-Newsletter recipients who have Adobe Acrobat reader, Governor
> Bush's e-newsletter is available in .PDF format by clicking here:
> 
> http://www.flgov.com/in_the_news
> 
> The text version of the e-newsletter is below.
> 
> 
> BILL CREATING NEW COMMISSION FOR CHARTER SCHOOLS SIGNED INTO LAW
> 
> On Monday, I signed House Bill 135, which creates a state-level charter
> school authorizer - the Florida Schools of Excellence Commission. This
> independent statewide commission will directly sponsor charter schools and
> authorize municipalities, state universities, community colleges and
> additional entities to co-sponsor charter schools in Florida, expanding
> educational opportunities for students.  Florida's charter schools offer a
> valuable public school option for students.  This legislation opens the door
> for the expansion of more high quality charter schools in Florida, and the
> newly created Commission will ensure that these schools are held accountable
> for serving student needs.  To learn more about charter schools in Florida,
> visit the Office of Independent Education and Parental Choice Office website
> at www.floridaschoolchoice.org. 
>  
> 
> BILLS TO BENEFIT FLORIDA VETERANS AND ACTIVE DUTY MILITARY TROOPS SIGNED
> INTO LAW
> 
> On Monday, I signed into law a series of bills that will provide additional
> benefits to Florida's veterans and active duty military troops. Since 1999,
> the Florida Legislature and I have worked diligently to establish Florida as
> a military and veteran-friendly state.  In 2005, an interim study conducted
> by the U.S. House Military and Veterans' Affairs Committee ranked Florida
> highest overall in providing benefits to veterans.  On behalf of all
> Floridians, I thank our soldiers and veterans for their extraordinary
> dedication and service to our country.  Their selfless dedication to our
> country commands not only our respect and admiration, but also our
> willingness to provide them and their families with assistance to improve
> their quality of life.  For more information on benefits and assistance for
> veterans, please visit www.floridavets.org.
>  
> 
> RURAL INFRASTRUCTURE GRANT OF MORE THAN $235,000 AWARDED TO FLAGLER COUNTY
> 
> On Tuesday, I awarded Flagler County a Rural Infrastructure Fund Grant
> totaling $236,813 to assist in the retention of Sea Ray Boats, Inc., a
> manufacturer of high quality pleasure yachts.   The grant will be used for
> roadway, sidewalks and drainage improvements that will help retain 644
> full-time jobs within Flagler County. These 644 jobs contribute more than
> $21 million to the local economy in annual payroll dollars.  We are proud to
> support Flagler County's efforts to retain an area manufacturer that
> provides more than 51 percent of the county's manufacturing jobs.  The
> infrastructure improvements will ease traffic flow for company employees,
> vendors and residents in nearby neighborhoods.  Florida's Rural
> Infrastructure Fund is a key component of our rural economic development
> efforts.  For more information on Florida's economic development
> initiatives, please visit www.myflorida.com.
> 
> 
> JIM MCDONOUGH NAMED SECRETARY OF THE FLORIDA DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTIONS
> 
> On Thursday, I named Colonel (Ret.) Jim McDonough as Secretary of the
> Florida Department of Corrections. McDonough has recently served as the
> interim Secretary of the Department. The appointment is effective
> immediately. Previously, McDonough served as Director of the Florida Office
> of Drug Control from 1999 to 2006. Prior to his work in the Governor's
> Office, he was Director of Strategy for the Office of National Drug Control
> Policy, the White House agency leading the nation's efforts to reduce drug
> abuse, from 1996-1999.  During the past seven years, Colonel McDonough has
> proven to be a strong and principled leader, dedicated to serving the State
> of Florida.  I am confident he will continue leading the Department of
> Corrections with integrity.   For more information on the Department of
> Corrections, please visit www.myflorida.com or www.dc.state.fl.us.
> 
> 
> GOVERNOR BUSH PRESENTS POINTS OF LIGHT AWARD TO LAWRENCE RICE
> 
> Congratulations!
> 
> To read more about this week's winners, please click here: 
> http://www.flgov.com/release/7953
> 
> 
> GOVERNOR BUSH'S 2006 LEGISLATIVE INITIATIVES
> 
> Please visit www.govfloridaforum.com.
>        
> ____________________________________________________________________
> Volume 8, Issue 26
> Copyright(c) 2006 State of Florida
>  
> If you would like to change your subscription or unsubscribe, please go to:
> http://www.myflorida.com/myflorida/subscribe.html
> 
> 
> Thank you.
> 
> 
> 
> 

From:	Dphillips0070@aol.com
Sent:	Wednesday, July 5, 2006 5:52 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Fwd: High electric bills(Fuel surcharge)
Attachments:	High electric bills(Fuel surcharge)

 
From:	Carolyn Wilkins <CWilkins@wpb.org>
Sent:	Wednesday, July 5, 2006 4:26 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	In Praise of America by Cynthia McGregor
Attachments:	IN PRAISE OF AMERICA.doc


I wanted to share with you the poem written by Cynthia McGregor in honor of
this past 4th of July. I was very impressed with this poem and with the
lady who wrote it.  If you look up her up on the internet, you will find
that she has written over 50 books mostly help books for children. She has
also written several childrens songs = putting new words to public domain
songs. These are in the process of being recorded.

However, I am most interested at this time in the document I have forwarded
to you. Please take the time to read this. I think you will agree that this
deserves to be heard. It really says it all.

Thank you for your kind time and attention.

To contact Cynthia = e mail: cynthia@cynthiamcgregor.com = as you can see
below.


----- Forwarded by Carolyn Wilkins/WESTPALM on 07/05/2006 04:20 PM -----
                                                                           
             Cynthia MacGregor                                             
             <cynthia@cynthiam                                             
             acgregor.com>                                              To 
                                       Carolyn Wilkins <cwilkins@wpb.org>  
             06/19/2006 08:01                                           cc 
             PM                                                            
                                                                   Subject 
                                       <no subject>                        
                                                                           
                                                                           
                                                                           
                                                                           
                                                                           
                                                                           





(See attached file: IN PRAISE OF AMERICA.doc)
From:	tito sanchez <titotitoi2002@hotmail.com>
Sent:	Wednesday, July 5, 2006 4:22 PM
To:	activemgt@bellsouth.net; Michael.Cochran@dbpr.state.fl.us; Kyle.Mitchell@dbpr.state.fl.us; John.Topa@dbpr.state.fl.us; Call.Center@dbpr.state.fl.us; robert.fronrath@dbpr.state.fl.us
Cc:	titotitoi2002@hotmail.com; Governor Jeb Bush; jeb@jeb.org
Subject:	Release of liens documents

Wednesday, July 05, 2006 click here please. [1] 

Helen Borges-Garcia, CAM/President

Active Real Estate Management Associates, Inc. 

The Offices at Miller Park 

5600 South West 135th Avenue, Suite 200-B 

Miami, Florida  33183 

 

Dear Ms. Borges/Mr. Carlos Garcia/Ladies and Gentlemen is there any thing I could do to expedite receiving the release of all the liens that were placed on my condo over 10 yrs ago and have then recorded as satisfy of miamidade records?  Dear Ms. Borges/Mr. Carlos Garcia/Ladies and Gentlemen I really appreciate what you are doing and I also realize that you are trying to pick after what the previous management company had done. I also realize that I might not be the only one with this or worst problems. 

 

Dear Ms. Borges/Mr. Carlos Garcia/Ladies and Gentlemen is hard to get me over the phone, but you are always welcome to drop me an e-mail and as long as I have electricity coming into my unit I should be getting any e-mail you sent me. Dear Ms. Borges/Mr. Carlos Garcia/Ladies and Gentlemen lately the water runs out click here please sometime and when the water comes back specially the hot water comes with such a strong force that it sound like it is going to explode from the faucets or the water heater. I don’t know if the water pipes are being restored or there is drainage work is being done. Dear Ms. Borges/Mr. Carlos Garcia/Ladies and Gentlemen I am scare that one day I might come home and my unit would be flooded. Dear Ms. Borges/Mr. Carlos Garcia/Ladies and Gentlemen if you can help me with that I will greatly appreciate that also. 

 

Dear Ms. Borges/Mr. Carlos Garcia/Ladies and Gentlemen these last few days I have been running to several places because I had trouble with my car battery. Dear Ms. Borges/Mr. Carlos Garcia/Ladies and Gentlemen I know that the night potter have been release from his duties, but different people keep parking on my second designated parking space click here please and the head stone is kind of misleading any way. It does not specify what building the parking space belongs to, if you help me with that and I don’t have to worry about having my unit flooded I will also appreciate. 

 

Dear Ms. Borges/Mr. Carlos Garcia/Ladies and Gentlemen my front porch roof title received damages from last hurricane click here please. I called the management right after my front porch received damages. I was told to call accordion the insurance company handling the condo. Accordion in turn told me that the association was the one handling that matter once again this are issues that the previous association left behind and I appreciate if you could give a hand with that also.

 

Dear Ms. Borges/Mr. Carlos Garcia/Ladies and Gentlemen now more than ever I might need to look for a room-mate and having my second designated parking space available is a priority, any correspondence please continue sending it to my P.O. Box 55-7903, Miami, Florida

 

Regards, David S. Souchay

Ps. I hope everyone had a safe and happy 4th of July. I sent this month association fee last month. Please send a letter stating that I am current in my payments and if I have any credit on my ledger that I could use in the future. 
From:	LOIS <TRIOCHA@BELLSOUTH.NET>
Sent:	Wednesday, July 5, 2006 4:19 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	With the former DOC employees pending indictment and guilty pleas

Importance:	High

I want to make sure that these people are not eligible to continue to receive their FRS pensions no deals etc.  The rules are simple no felony convictions or no pension 

Go Miami Canes 

From:	Dyuti Mahendru <funkemunke08@gmail.com>
Sent:	Wednesday, July 5, 2006 4:02 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Re: Manatees

Thank you for the response.

--Ms.Dyuti Mahendru


On 7/5/06, Governor Jeb Bush <Jeb.Bush@myflorida.com > wrote:

Dear Mr. Mahendru,

 

Thank you for sharing your concerns about the new science-based process for classifying Florida's imperiled species.  Governor Bush appreciates your sharing your views and opinions about this important issue and asked me to respond on his behalf.

 

The Florida Fish and Wildlife Conservation Commission (FWC) is using sound science to determine the appropriate classifications for manatees, bald eagles, gopher tortoises and Panama City crayfish.  Regardless of their final determination, the Commission will develop management plans to ensure continued protection and sustainability of these species.  Management plans typically take a year to draft and the process includes public participation.

 

The goal of the Commission is for all imperiled species populations to recover.  As the bald eagle population has recovered substantially, it is appropriate for the species to be removed from the list.  Because the manatee is no longer in imminent danger of extinction, it will be reclassified as threatened.  However, it is important to note that a threatened species by definition still faces a very high risk of extinction.  Even though the species has recovered substantially, the marine mammal will continue to be protected under the new process.

 

The State of Florida and the Florida Fish and Wildlife Conservation Commission are committed to the recovery of our imperiled species.  For more information about the reclassification process, please visit www.myfwc.com. 

 

Thank you again for writing and for sharing your concerns with Governor Bush.

 

 

Sincerely, 

 

Shahlaine KhunKhun

Office of Citizens' Services

 

-----Original Message-----
From: Dyuti Mahendru [mailto:funkemunke08@gmail.com]
Sent: Tuesday, June 06, 2006 10:05 PM
To: Governor Jeb Bush
Subject: Manatees


Dear Mr. Jeb Bush,
 
Hello, my name is Dyuti Mahendru.  I was made aware that there is a debate on the subject of whether or not to down list the manatees from "endangered" to "threatened".  In my opinion, I believe that you should not down list the manatees.  This will result in further danger for the manatees.  It is imperative that everyone is made aware of the severity of this subject.  By keeping the manatee's label as "endangered" there will be greater awareness.  Please do not down list the manatees.  If the state of Florida does not take action now, the manatees will be gone tomorrow and there will be no way to bring them back.  Please help these poor manatees, as the death rate of the manatees is increasing exponentially. 
 
Thank you for your patience,
 
Dyuti Mahendru  
 


From:	Omar Rasheed <magna-vision@earthlink.net>
Sent:	Wednesday, July 5, 2006 4:00 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Thank You

Hello Governor,
I would like to thank you and your staff for all that you have done for me and my family. I received medicaid and I was hospitalized for 24 days and I was diagnosed with a tumor on my kidney, that is what caused the uncontrolled blood pressure. Once again Thank You for caring.
Run for President and I promise I will campaign for you in Florida!!!!!!!!!!!
 
 
Thanking you always,
Khadijah Rasheed 
 
 
 
 

From:	Maureen  France <Maureen.France@DuvaSawko.com>
Sent:	Wednesday, July 5, 2006 3:49 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Thank you!

Dear Governor Bush,  

 

We sincerely thank you for your leadership on lawsuit reform (among other things).  Thank you kindly for signing into law the most recent two measures that provide much needed relief!

 

Maureen France

Republican Party of Florida

State Committeewoman-Volusia County

801 Royal Oak Court

DeLand, FL 32724

(386) 479-2151cell

mfrance2@cfl.rr.com

 

From:	Abd. Obrgn <abdonn33@msn.com>
Sent:	Wednesday, July 5, 2006 3:21 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush; Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	FW: ASSOCIATION BILLS VETOED! NOW WHAT??

Dear Governor Bush,

Please do it.  Reform the associations' laws and have your named engraved in history as the Governor of Justice.  You'll will be always remembered by us and our children, and our grand-children.

Respectfully,

The Latino Community of WPB

The Homeowners of the Marbellas, Miami-Dade







  _____  

From: "Jan Bergemann" <janberg@att.net>
To: "Governor Jeb Bush" <jeb.bush@myflorida.com>
CC: "DBPR Secretary Simone Marstiller" <Simone.Marstiller@dbpr.state.fl.us>
Subject: ASSOCIATION BILLS VETOED! NOW WHAT??
Date: Wed, 5 Jul 2006 12:18:09 -0400
MIME-Version: 1.0
Received: from mtiwmhc11.worldnet.att.net ([204.127.131.115]) by bay0-mc12-f12.bay0.hotmail.com with Microsoft SMTPSVC(6.0.3790.2444); Wed, 5 Jul 2006 09:23:03 -0700
Received: from bergj (79.orlando-09rh15-16rt.fl.dial-access.att.net[12.78.66.79]) by worldnet.att.net (mtiwmhc11) with SMTP id <20060705161818111004b60le>; Wed, 5 Jul 2006 16:20:47 +0000



CCFJ, Inc, Dispatch -- Please Distribute Widely! 
July 5, 2006
 

Dear Governor Jeb Bush, Dear Secretary Simone Marstiller, Dear Legislators, Friends and Members,
 
After both major association bills have been vetoed, it is really time to find solutions for all the open problems, not just trying to find band-aids for the many pending issues. 
We have here in Florida not only a total property insurance disaster, but as well serious problems for owners in mandatory associations -- condos and homeowners' associations alike!
In his veto messages the Governor already stated that reforms are really necessary.
Please read the Governor's suggestions in his veto messages at:
http://www.ccfj.net/PB06HB391-SB1556veto.html
 
It is time that we create the necessary reforms -- in insurance and association law -- trying to avoid that many families -- and especially retirees -- are being priced out of their homes.
It is time that we will see a comprehensive bill that will try to remedy the many problems owners are facing on a daily basis. We need statutes with teeth -- meaning easy enforcement of our laws and regulations -- and education and accountability of the people in charge.
 
The only people with a vested interest in this matter are the owners, not the service providers or anybody else.
These new laws should protect the property rights of the owners, not the income of the service providers!

A comprehensive association bill will be ready for the next legislative session!
 
Warm Regards,

Jan Bergemann, President
Cyber Citizens For Justice, Inc.
http://www.ccfj.net/
 
IN ALLIANCE WITH: 
League of United Latin American Citizens (LULAC) 
Property Owners Association in the Villages (POA) 
Service Employees International Union (SEIU) Local 11  
Fair Housing Center of the Greater Palm Beaches (FHCGPB) 



  _____  

Get the new Windows Live Messenger! 
From:	WriteDel2000@aol.com
Sent:	Wednesday, July 5, 2006 3:18 PM
To:	wishfer@att.net; Governor Jeb Bush; janberg@att.net
Cc:	Marstiller, Simone
Subject:	Re: Indeed, Now What?

Robert!
 
Excellent Thoughts from my view point
 
  Full Disclosure must be high on our list, while at the same time providing access to relief for those foolish enough not to read the documents
 
  Del Revels 
From:	Robert Janauskas <wishfer@att.net>
Sent:	Wednesday, July 5, 2006 3:57 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush; Jan Bergemann
Cc:	Marstiller, Simone
Subject:	Indeed, Now What?

Dear Secretary Simone Martstiller, et al
 
Obviously, while it IS important to bring the 'Sunshine State' out into the sunshine we must walk before we run to the nearest subdivision and/or condominium. 
 
It's been said; '..be careful what you ask for...you just might get it!' 
 
Therefore, Full Disclosure NOT Caveat Emptor must be the 'Buy Words' during real estate transactions in Florida. 
 
Passing and enacting more laws without adequate protection of prospective purchasers and current residents will NOT stem the tide of discontent in communities with mandatory homeowners associations. 
 
It's important to understand, there isn't an agency in Florida that requires a developer, owner and/or seller to provide a copy of the CC&R's prior to contract for sale. 
 
Therefore, the primary criteria for meaningful reform of HOAs is the full disclosure of the Covenants, Conditions and Restrictions (CC&R's) prior to contract for sale. All else will fail if this important stipulation isn't enacted!  
 
To date: 
 
*The DBPR has been reluctant to insist upon this disclosure. 
*Realtors are unwilling to provide the CC&R's
*Industry partisans simply say, "...provide, if requested..." 
 
Secondly, a developer must not be allowed to hide the yearly financial disclosure of receipts and expenditures from residents into a for profit corporation unaccessible by residents.
 
All funds collected must be deposited in the mandatory homeowners association account and disbursed for the benefit of the community and its members.
 
Developers must not be allowed to issue a yearly financial report of the HOA which reads: "Nothing collected, nothing spent!"  
 
This is a SHAM! 
 
Full disclosure and a yearly financial report of receipts and expenditures by the HOA before and after transition of control will enhance peace, harmony and tranquility in communities. 
 
Purchasers simply want a copy of the governing documents before contract for sale and to know how THEIR money is being spent while the developer is in control of the HOA.
 
The mandate of Governor Jeb Bush seems clear but it won't be easily attained if competing forces aren't seated at the same table to brainstorm meaningful HOA reform. 
 
It just won't happen!  
 
With all due respect, I wish you the best and look forward to learning how, by your own initiative, you'll insist that the Governor's mandate shall be accomplished. 
Sincerely, 
Robert E. Janauskas 
5395 SW 81st Street
Ocala, FL 34476 

----- Original Message ----- 
From: Jan Bergemann 
To: Governor Jeb Bush 
Cc: DBPR Secretary Simone Marstiller 
Sent: Wednesday, July 05, 2006 11:18 AM
Subject: ASSOCIATION BILLS VETOED! NOW WHAT??


CCFJ, Inc, Dispatch -- Please Distribute Widely! 
July 5, 2006
 

Dear Governor Jeb Bush, Dear Secretary Simone Marstiller, Dear Legislators, Friends and Members,
 
After both major association bills have been vetoed, it is really time to find solutions for all the open problems, not just trying to find band-aids for the many pending issues. 
We have here in Florida not only a total property insurance disaster, but as well serious problems for owners in mandatory associations -- condos and homeowners' associations alike!
In his veto messages the Governor already stated that reforms are really necessary.
Please read the Governor's suggestions in his veto messages at:
http://www.ccfj.net/PB06HB391-SB1556veto.html
 
It is time that we create the necessary reforms -- in insurance and association law -- trying to avoid that many families -- and especially retirees -- are being priced out of their homes.
It is time that we will see a comprehensive bill that will try to remedy the many problems owners are facing on a daily basis. We need statutes with teeth -- meaning easy enforcement of our laws and regulations -- and education and accountability of the people in charge.
 
The only people with a vested interest in this matter are the owners, not the service providers or anybody else.
These new laws should protect the property rights of the owners, not the income of the service providers!

A comprehensive association bill will be ready for the next legislative session!
 
Warm Regards,

Jan Bergemann, President
Cyber Citizens For Justice, Inc.
http://www.ccfj.net/
 
IN ALLIANCE WITH: 
League of United Latin American Citizens (LULAC) 
Property Owners Association in the Villages (POA) 
Service Employees International Union (SEIU) Local 11  
Fair Housing Center of the Greater Palm Beaches (FHCGPB) 

From:	Lee <leegullett@hotmail.com>
Sent:	Wednesday, July 5, 2006 2:36 PM
To:	McDonough, Jim
Cc:	Jen Girgen; Linda S Vaughn; Governor Jeb Bush; Monica David; Beth Atchison; Linda Brooks; Tony V Harper
Subject:	Cost of Probation

Dear Mr. McDonough,
As you are a busy man I will make this short.
During our March 20th meeting I told you I was picking up "my" prisoner the next day.  We have found that transition back into family and community has been the roughest part of this entire experience.  
I am preparing a letter telling you of some of the difficulties that probationers face upon release; difficulties not even hinted at during their classes.  But that is for another time.
 
My reason for writing today is the financial burden placed upon a probationer and his/her family.  I have just budgeted what we must pay for the month of July and I would like to give you an idea of what is put on the backs of these people and their families.  I will use my fiancé as an example.
July 3rd
    Drug Test $20.00
    Alcohol Test $20.00
    Substance Abuse Meeting $20.00
July 5th
    Monthly payment to P&P $100.00
July 10th
    Substance Abuse Meeting $20.00
July 17th 
    Substance Abuse Meeting $20.00
July 18th
    Drug Test $50.00
July 24th
    Substance Abuse Meeting $20.00
July 31st
    Substance Abuse Meeting $20.00
 
There will be a Substance Abuse Meeting Counseling session (as yet unscheduled) for $50.00
This does not include any drug or alcohol tests (as $20.00 each) that P&P may spring on him.
This also does not include lost wages and/or gas.
 
This totals $340.00 (plus extras) that must be paid to P&P every month.  
 
These are payments that MUST be paid due to DOC's zero tolerance policy.  
Jim's crimes had nothing to do with drugs or alcohol but he must still attend meetings.  Jim has back problems and brought the prescriptions into the P&P office, as well as the Substance Abuse Evaluation ($65.00) but he must still be tested for drugs he has prescriptions for.  While in prison Jim ran both AA and NA meetings because of his passion to stop this type of abuse. But all this means nothing.  DOC mandates that probationers attend these meetings and be subjected and pay for drug & alcohol testing and meetings (a probationer could go to AA or NA for free).
 
Mr. McDonough, this is breaking the backs of those newly released and their families.  If the inmate/probationer's crime did not involve drugs or alcohol, why must they be subjected to this additional financial burden?  It is difficult enough to get started again after release.  
For a felon to find a job is quite difficult.  
For a felon to find a place to live is almost impossible (even public housing excludes felons).  
A newly released inmate/probationer must procure food, clothing and any other type of commodity that is necessary to live in the "free world" and find transportation to a job.  Most are lucky to find employment at minimum wage.  How are they to live with this additional, (and in many cases unnecessary) burden placed upon them.  If they can't pay then the family must.
 
You have done so much to alleviate financial burdens placed on family's, and for that I truly thank you, but I would ask that you look into P&P policies, mandated by DOC, that continue to drain a family financially when the prisoner is released.  These continuous tests and meetings are setting these people up for failure and, as a result, a ride back to prison.  For the well-to-do, these fee's mean nothing but for the majority of probationers these fees mean the difference between food and prison .. housing and prison (they are violated if they don't have housing) ... transportation to a job and prison (they are violated if they can't secure employment).
 
The Governor has a task force looking into things like this.  The Legislature is currently looking into things like this.  The hard fact is that looking is not doing!  You, Mr. McDonough, are a doer!  
 
Our county jails are filled to overflowing with probationers that have technical violations, such as not paying their P&P fees.  They stay in a sentencing limbo in a county jail awaiting a bed to open up in a prison so they can "start the clock" again; so they can be released to P&P again; so they can violate again.
 
Please, look at this problem. Can these DOC mandated "conditions of release" be looked at and maybe be tailored to the individual and the crime they committed rather then be simply rubber stamped for all?
 
Thank you for your time, sir and thank you for doing so much to make the Florida Prison System so much better for all involved.
 
Sincerely,
Lee Gullett
Proud member of the Florida LOLITS
From:	Hyson, Jeff <Jeff.Hyson@fluke.com>
Sent:	Wednesday, July 5, 2006 2:26 PM
To:	fhp@hsmv.state.fl.us
Cc:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Traffic Law Enforcement

To whom it may concern : 

While driving near my home on June 14, 2006 I was issued a citation by Officer Burnett (Badge # 1968) for running a red light at the intersection of Aloma Ave. and Tuskawilla Road.  I was in a right turn only lane that is poorly marked to indicate a stop.  I tapped the brakes, checked for traffic from the other direction and then continued through the turn.  Officer Burnett was waiting there and signaled for me and one other driver to pull over.  I gave my drivers license and registration as requested.  I was fined $180.50 and points were assigned to my license.  During the time I waited for Officer Burnett to come back to my car, at least 20 other drivers also committed the same offense.

I am not complaining - I will pay my fine as I did commit a traffic offense.  The thing that really bothered me was I drove by the same intersection this morning and Trooper Burnett was camped out in the same spot.  My daughter recently started at the University of Florida and I have spent a bit of time on the turnpike and I-75 in the last few weeks.  While driving at the speed limit, I am amazed at how many drivers are exceeding the posted limits by 20 MPH or more.  I am also amazed at how few state troopers are out on patrol on these major highways.  Shouldn't our state troopers be spending more time out on our highways and leave the local traffic enforcement to the county & city agencies?  I find it hard to believe that having a trooper assigned to one intersection writing citations is making much of a contribution to the safety of our roads, which I thought was the mission of the Florida Highway Patrol.  

Your comments or explanation would be appreciated. 

Jeff Hyson 
2898 Oak Bluff Way      
Oviedo, FL 32765 

407-977-9416 

This message (including any attachments) contains confidential 
and/or proprietary information intended only for the addressee. 
Any unauthorized disclosure, copying, distribution or reliance on 
the contents of this information is strictly prohibited and may 
constitute a violation of law. If you are not the intended 
recipient, please notify the sender immediately by responding to 
this e-mail, and delete the message from your system. If you 
have any questions about this e-mail please notify the sender 
immediately. 


From:	S Russell <srusse11@bellsouth.net>
Sent:	Wednesday, July 5, 2006 2:34 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Rush Limbaugh

Please to acknowledge that the viagra charges for Rush Limbaugh by customs is harassment in the first degree.



-- 
sam russell
Maj USAF Ret
Formerly of Coco Beach, FL
318-640-8619 (home)

"Look alive. Here comes a buzzard." Pogo
From:	michael walsh <walsheyus@yahoo.com>
Sent:	Wednesday, July 5, 2006 2:27 PM
To:	mgiulianti@hollywoodfl.org
Cc:	kwasserstrom@hollywoodfl.org; clahoud@hollywoodfl.org; jzaiter@hollywoodfl.org; pbober@hollywoodfl.org; bfurr@hollywoodfl.org; jcbrady@arnstein.com; jlalfaro@arnstein.com; canderson@hollywoodfl.org; pcerny@hollywoodfl.org; icombrinckgraham@hollywoodfl.org; cbenson@hollywoodfl.org; soliveri@hollywoodfl.org; frusso@hollywoodfl.org; mpettit@hollywoodfl.org; mjohns@hollywoodfl.org; mcannavan@hollywoodfl.org; keith@hollywoodcounsel.com; greinfeld@hollywoodfl.org; sphillips@hollywoodfl.org; pwallace@hollywoodfl.org; sida@hollywoodfl.org; dabbott@hollywoodfl.org; rrawls@hollywoodfl.org; rnardello@hollywoodfl.org; fmcgarry@hollywoodfl.org; problemsolvers@local10.com; helpmehoward@wsvn.com; outburst@miamiherald.com; sun-sentinelwatch@sun-sentinel.com; Lschecter@pobox.com; pcbrew@bellsouth.net; sarnan2@earthlink.net; pdoench@wplg.com; dstabler@hollywoodfl.org; pj_g@bellsouth.net; jscarberry@hollywoodfl.org; cewagner@hollywoodfl.org; kmayes@clerk-17th-flcourts.org; lwexler@broward.org; geller.steven.web@flsenate.gon; Governor Jeb Bush; esobel@aol.com; Newman, Rex
Subject:	Very Disturbing Procedures?

Mayor, City Commissioners, City Manager:              City of Hollywood, Fl.
 
Ref: Citizens requests # 6088-6091-6093-6094-6095
 
The Lack of Accountability is continuing in the Citizens services Department that the current City Manager is aware of etc.
 
My requests are most important, and I would expect the person or persons addressed to respond in a courteous and polite way in addressing the requests which has not occurred up to this time?
 
So, in essence what is being accomplished by Ms. Lahoud who is being told to close out my requests by Mr. Zaiter? What useful productive function is this irresponsibility serving that is costing the Taxpayers plenty of money?
 
Why do I continue to write my requests as the Area Spokesman for our residential area here in District # 4? Answer:  Because my requests are being forwarded back to me without a response as requested.
 
Will the requests continue? Yes, and until they are addressed as they should of been a long, long time ago!
 
The requests as stated above are factual, and not demanding of anyone. So, why are they not being addressed? Answer: Because the City of Hollywood is Not an Accountable City!
 
Is this a make believe story? Ask our District Commissioner Keith Wasserstrom? Are my requests being written because I have nothing better to do? Most certainly not, as I am concerned for Our continued Safety on N. 66th avenue as the Imminent Danger continue's for us all due to the Escalating High Traffic Volumes! 
 
Please address our Safety Concerns on the N. 66th avenue "Cut-Thru" residential corridor as the High Traffic Volumes, along with the Associated Speeding are continuing at all Hours!
 
TheTraffic Volumes are now approaching 5000 VPD On N. 66th avenue!  HELP !!!!!!!
 
Thank you.
 
Michael Walsh
 
Area Spokesman- Hollywood City District # 4.

  _____  

Want to be your own boss? Learn how on Yahoo! Small Business. 
From:	Jack Thompson <magiccity@comcast.net>
Sent:	Wednesday, July 5, 2006 1:57 PM
To:	hmc@bedellfirm.com; katherinefernandezrundle@miamisao.com; abb@esclaw.com; stuma@flabar.org; richardb@gtlaw.com; Rodriguez, Raquel; Governor Jeb Bush; phill@flabar.org; jharkness@flabar.org; tboggs@flabar.org
Cc:	lak@tewlaw.com; slerman@lsl-law.com
Subject:	[*] Have a nice day...

Importance:	High

John B. Thompson, Attorney at Law

1172 South Dixie Hwy., Suite 111

Coral Gables, Florida 33146

305-666-4366

 

July 5, 2006

 

Foreperson

Miami-Dade County Grand Jury

Miami-Dade County Courthouse, Room 513

73 West Flagler Street

Miami, Florida 33130

 

Re:  Evidence of Criminal Activity

 

Dear Grand Jury:

 

I have evidence of perjury, extortion, distribution of sexual material harmful to minors, violation of Florida drug laws, and other criminal activity by certain individuals.

 

I find in reading a document generated by the Florida Supreme Court* that I have the right to appear before you all, as a citizen, with or without the permission of the State Attorney. 

 

 I respectfully request that you allow me to do so and set the time for my appearance as soon as possible.

 

Regards, Jack Thompson

 

*http://www.floridasupremecourt.org/jury_instructions/chapters/chapter30/flgrandjuryhandbook.rtf


Jack Thompson, Attorney
Land line: 305-666-4366, Cell: 305-588-3005
1172 South Dixie Hwy, Suite 111
Coral Gables, FL USA 33146  magiccity@comcast.net
 
 
From:	Randy Touchton <randyt@fpfp.org>
Sent:	Wednesday, July 5, 2006 2:01 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	veto of House Bill 391

Dear Governor Bush:
 
On behalf of our President Bob Carver and the 21,000 members of the Florida Professional Firefighters Association we appreciate your recent veto of House Bill 391 relating to community associations.
 
Contained within this legislation were provisions which would have changed the compliance date for fire sprinkler retrofitting of common areas in high rise buildings from 2014 to 2025. 
 
Thank you for agreeing that by doing so would have established an unacceptable safety risk
 
Sincerely,
 
 
Randy Touchton,
FPF Governmental Relations Representative 
From:	Atkinson4@aol.com
Sent:	Wednesday, July 5, 2006 1:14 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	later school start date

Just a note to let you know how EXTREMELY unhappy we are about the later school start date scheduled to begin in 2007.  We firmly believe this is a decision that should be left up to the local school board and its constituents.  We enjoy the fact that we can take vacation one month before anyone else.  We also believe that a students opportunity to take advantage of dual enrollment will suffer with this policy. Another consideration is the summer weather and hurricane season.  With September  historically the peak of hurricane season, our children could be looking at going to school into July.  Another great advantage to starting school at the beginning of August is being able to finish the first semester, including exams, before the winter break.  We hope that something can be done about this situation.  Thanks for your help in this matter.
 
Sincerely,
Anna and Ken Atkinson
725 Poinsetta Drive
Satellite Beach, FL 32937
From:	felixfusco@aol.com
Sent:	Wednesday, July 5, 2006 1:11 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	[*] Re: Save the Manatees

Science is good, Common sense is better.   The Manatees need saving.  It is not the other way around that the boaters come first.
Judi Aronowitz 
 
-----Original Message-----
From: Governor Jeb Bush <Jeb.Bush@MyFlorida.com>
To: FelixFusco@aol.com
Sent: Wed, 5 Jul 2006 10:52:19 -0400
Subject: RE: Save the Manatees


Dear Friends,
 
Thank you for sharing your concerns about the new science-based process for classifying Florida’s imperiled species.  Governor Bush appreciates your sharing your views and opinions about this important issue and asked me to respond on his behalf.
 
The Florida Fish and Wildlife Conservation Commission (FWC) is using sound science to determine the appropriate classifications for manatees, bald eagles, gopher tortoises and Panama City crayfish.  Regardless of their final determination, the Commission will develop management plans to ensure continued protection and sustainability of these species.  Management plans typically take a year to draft and the process includes public participation.
 
The goal of the Commission is for all imperiled species populations to recover.  As the bald eagle population has recovered substantially, it is appropriate for the species to be removed from the list.  Because the manatee is no longer in imminent danger of extinction, it will be reclassified as threatened.  However, it is important to note that a threatened species by definition still faces a very high risk of extinction.  Even though the species has recovered substantially, the marine mammal will continue to be protected under the new process.
 
The State of Florida and the Florida Fish and Wildlife Conservation Commission are committed to the recovery of our imperiled species.  For more information about the reclassification process, please visit www.myfwc.com.
 
Thank you again for writing and for sharing your concerns with Governor Bush.
 
 
Sincerely, 
 
Shahlaine KhunKhun
Office of Citizens’ Services
 

-----Original Message-----
From: FelixFusco@aol.com [mailto:FelixFusco@aol.com]
Sent: Wednesday, May 03, 2006 9:30 PM
To: Governor Jeb Bush
Subject: Save the Manatees



Nature is too beautiful for Humans to waste and disregard it.  Save the Manatees and show yourself to be the Man you want to be.
Thank you
Judi Aronowitz and Felix Fusco

if ((parent != null) && (parent.ProcessCommand != null)) parent.ProcessCommand('bodyLoaded', true); 
  _____  

MailScanner has detected a possible fraud attempt from "pr.atwola.com" claiming to be Check out AOL.com today. Breaking news, video search, pictures, email and IM. All on demand. Always Free.

From:	Jack Thompson <magiccity@comcast.net>
Sent:	Wednesday, July 5, 2006 1:10 PM
To:	katherinefernandezrundle@miamisao.com; lak@tewlaw.com; slerman@lsl-law.com; hmc@bedellfirm.com; tboggs@flabar.org; Rodriguez, Raquel; richardb@gtlaw.com; Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Miami-Dade County Grand Jury
Attachments:	Rundle, July 5, 2006.doc; Rundle, July 5, 2006.doc

John B. Thompson, Attorney at Law

1172 South Dixie Hwy., Suite 111

Coral Gables, Florida 33146

305-666-4366

 

July 5, 2006

 

The Honorable Katherine Fernandez Rundle

State Attorney, 11th Judicial Circuit

Miami, Florida  Via Fax to 305-547-0735 and e-mail to katherinefernandezrundle@miamisao.com 

 

Re:  Crimes by Beasley Broadcast Group, Inc., Personnel and Agents

 

Dear Ms. Rundle:

 

I find at http://www.floridasupremecourt.org/jury_instructions/chapters/chapter30/flgrandjuryhandbook.rtf that I have a right to appear before a grand jury as a citizen, if I have evidence of a crime.

 

I hereby request, formally, that you arrange that, as I have evidence regarding the above and seek an indictment of same, either with or without your help.

 

Please advise by five o’clock p.m., July 14, 2006.  Thanks.

 

Regards,  Jack Thompson

 

Copy:  Governor Jeb Bush


Jack Thompson, Attorney
Land line: 305-666-4366, Cell: 305-588-3005
1172 South Dixie Hwy, Suite 111
Coral Gables, FL USA 33146  magiccity@comcast.net
 
 
From:	Robert Aiello <robert@wellsasset.com>
Sent:	Wednesday, July 5, 2006 1:04 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Cc:	Marstiller, Simone
Subject:	Condo Associations

 I have spent over $130,000 in legal fees so far because the Statues governing condo associations mean nothing. The boards along with legal firms like Becker & Poliakoff know how to bend, brake or just disregard the condo laws. Until you have accountability with criminal consequences this broken system will never be effective.
 
Sincerely:
Robert Aiello
From:	Feldub@aol.com
Sent:	Wednesday, July 5, 2006 1:06 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush; JPettijohn@dos.state.fl.us
Subject:	Re: Coconut Grove Playhouse
Attachments:	IMG_1382.JPG; IMG_1383.JPG; IMG_1384.JPG

Dear Mr. Pettijohn,

I thank Governor Bush for requesting you to respond to my emails regarding 
the Coconut Grove Playhouse.

Perhaps in a perfect world your hopes would turn to reality, unfortunately 
the reality is that at this point, that is only a dream.

Just for your information, the community has supported the playhouse through 
thick and thin.  I'm sure the community would continue to do so with the right 
people at the helm.

Here are some things perhaps the Governor is not aware of.  The A/C in the 
Playhouse has been off for quite some time now, at least 2 months.  It is humid 
and in its current condition mold can form rather quickly.  I informed a board 
member, I don't know if they have done something about it.  As of 2 weeks ago 
they had not.  There are rats running around to the point that during the 
last performances they were on stage, there are poster windows broken, 2 
playhouse cars abandoned in the parking lot with their windows smashed in , graffiti 
on the outside of the building.

Someone needs to take responsibility in keeping the Playhouse in good 
condition. Shouldn't it be the board?  Do you think that people who cared would allow 
that to happen?

Once again I urge our Governor to intervene, exercise the reverter clause 
(since now it is not being used for anything let alone theatre) and take the 
Playhouse back before it is too late.  I realize that the State needs help 
bringing the Playhouse to back to it's glory.  I have started working on putting 
together a steering committee that would be comprised of  someone the State 
appoints, someone from the County, and the City, 5 Artistic Groups and 5 
professionals that would be the core group.  It is still in its infancy and can only be 
done with the State taking back the Playhouse.  A proposal would be sent to you 
for your approval.

Please I am imploring upon you to give us a chance!  Do not allow Condos 
there.  Theatre, Dance, Music, Festivals ( ie:Humana Festival in Kentucky),  an 
educational component for children from all surrounding neighborhoods, programs 
for handicapped children, adults and seniors, that is what should be there.

Enclosed is an article that came out in the Miami Monthly, and attached some 
pictures

  Letters Letters Observer Observer Neighborhood Neighborhood Brickel Area 
Brickel Area Coconut Grove Coconut Grove Coral Gables Coral Gables South Miami 
South Miami Upper East Side Upper East Side Miami Beach Miami Beach ETC ETC Key 
Biscayne Key Biscayne Real Estate Real Estate Real Advice Real Advice 












      Subscribe to Miami Monthly Newsletter
powered by FreeFind
Breaking News 


 
 
 

the observer
Play By The Rules
The Coconut Grove Playhouse is dark, in more ways than one. It closed in 
April after "Sonia Flew," a play which saw its opening night thanks to a last 
minute effort by actress Lucy Arnaz, who successfully begged this community to 
give over $100,000 and threw in some $50,000 of her own as well. In a matter of 
days this charismatic woman managed to do what the Playhouse board of directors 
had not – raise money to keep the Playhouse alive and open, even if only for 
a few days.
When she hit the fundraising streets, Arnaz was unaware that employees would 
be left unpaid – not just salaries, but also expenses their supervisors had 
asked them to incur on behalf of the theater. Otherwise, I bet she would have 
done right by those employees who for years, even decades, devoted their lives 
to the theater they loved.
Luck willing, some of those prestigious members of the board of directors 
might become embarrassed enough to dig into their corporate pockets and pay the 
employees what is due them. And that means unpaid wages, expenses and 
severance. You do not pull the plug, without warning, on employees of five, 10 or 20 
years without giving them something to live on for a while. It is, after all, 
not their fault that the board allowed such gross mismanagement on its watch.
Otherwise, they could allocate the funds the Playhouse still receives every 
month from the Miami Parking Authority's lease of the parking lot adjacent to 
the theater. That would be $200,000 per year, divided by 12 months – you do the 
math. Where is that money going?
Surely it's a matter or priorities, and the Playhouse board doesn't view the 
employees that they left high and dry as one of them.
Then again, it's rather hard to imagine that they felt the need to finally 
cry uncle when they were in debt over $4 million dollars, and not sooner. It is 
so incomprehensible, it boggles the mind.
Where were those folks for the last few years? Were they planning the next 
gala? Or just lamely endorsing all decisions made by the board's executive 
committee, while remaining clueless?
As money was being handled or mishandled, and millions in debt grew and 
multiplied like bunny rabbits in spring, the Playhouse board was run by bankers and 
certified public accountants – folks one would assume understand a balance 
sheet.
But, we're told, this is all Arnold Mittelman's fault – the man who took out 
the improperly collateralized bank loan to pay salaries, including his own. 
The man who was not user friendly to the community, promising them so much and 
delivering so little. The man who fought hard to impede the hiring of a 
business manager – a brilliant idea sparked by then-State Rep. Manny Prieguez' 
decision in 2001 to block a $500,000 yearly state appropriation, citing the need for 
better accountability in operations and in the use of public and donor funds.
Alas, much to the board's chagrin, the disastrous predicament of the Coconut 
Grove Playhouse is not Mittelman's fault. He was an employee, with a contract 
negotiated by the executive committee (the full board was not allowed to 
participate in its last negotiation), whose actions were approved or condoned by 
the board – read: the employer, the boss.
That's where the buck stops.
With news of the millions in debt hitting the street, a "closed" sign on the 
theater doors, and some board members attesting that it was only days before 
that they discovered the extent of the financial ruin, the shameless board's 
reaction was not to fire Mittelman, but rather ask him if he would pretty please 
consider quitting.
Mittelman, of course, quit several weeks later when he was good and ready, 
because no one had the guts to fire him.
By the time you're $4 million in the hole, you're taking a whole lot of 
people down with you: employees, vendors large and small, loyal subscribers who 
pre-paid for a season they will not see, and an entire community.
And that's not right.
It's time to clean house, starting with the board of directors.
Regaining the trust of the community is not going to happen until changes are 
made in the governance of the Playhouse that suggest to future donors and 
supporters that their money will be well managed.
It is not going to happen until the theater is run with accountability and 
transparency, with a board in place that understands the fiduciary 
responsibility to its public grantors, private donors and the community at large. A board 
capable of overseeing policy, resource allocation, budget creation and 
adherence, internal controls, planning and execution of the core values of the 
organization and its business plan.
So Ladies and Gentlemen of the board – please do us all a favor and resign.
The Playhouse deserves a committed and competent professional to manage the 
reconstruction and transition. I'm certain the city and the county could help 
identify that individual.
Then hit the streets, pound the pavement and raise some money to bring back 
our beloved institution – you're some of Miami's finest, and you can make it 
happen.
And never again join a board where you accept being left in the dark. 
Willingly or not.
Pretty please?
 

Print This Page 
E-MAIL THIS LINK 
Enter recipient's e-mail: 
 
 
Another article from th Miami Monthly which is another reason why you must 
act fast!

'No' To Home Depot
Zoning Board sides with Grovites
When the City of Miami Zoning Board got its chance to speak on the proposed 
Home Depot at 2999 SW 32nd Ave., it delivered a firm no.
The Zoning Board was set to hear an appeal of the Class II building permit 
issued by the Planning Department in April. Grove First, the group leading the 
opposition of Home Depot, filed the appeal as a last recourse before filing a 
lawsuit against the city for what they call "improper issuance of a Class II 
permit."
Most observers expected the appeal to be denied by the Zoning Department. In 
siding with residents, Zoning Board members indicated that being a "bad 
neighbor" was Home Depot's downfall. Many board members commented on the poor 
conditions that currently exist at the SW 8th Street store. "Eighth Street is my 
community," said board member Charles Garavaglia. "I go there about once a week 
and it's a total disaster."
Don Harrison, a Home Depot public relations manager, confirmed that the 
company does plan to appeal.
District 2 Seat Filled
Deputy city manager takes over for Winton 
Newly appointed City Commissioner Linda Haskins hit the ground running after 
she was named caretaker of Johnny Winton's seat. After meeting individually 
with staff and sitting in on a commission meeting, she set about scheduling a 
series of public and private meetings.
The sole nominee to take the reigns of District 2 while Winton faces legal 
charges for an incident at the airport in which he allegedly attacked police in 
a drunken rage, Haskins gave up a city job with an annual pay of $170,500. She 
will keep the post until Winton is cleared of the charges or until the 
November elections.
Haskins wouldn't rule out running for the office – and would likely face 
several opponents – but whoever wins that race could be forced to give it all up 
if Winton is acquitted. His trial is slated to begin Oct. 7. Haskins has no 
guarantee that she will get her city job back if Winton is able to reclaim his 
seat.
Monty Python

Ever the good sport, Monty Trainer hammed it up with Metro Zoo's 
Communications Director and Goodwill Ambassador Ron Magill, and an albino Burmese python 
at a recent Chamber of Commerce Event. 




Progress For Playhouse?
Lawsuit and little movement on audit say otherwise 
Ruling that the Coconut Grove Playhouse is subject to Florida's public 
records law, a judge has ordered the Playhouse to turn over financial records to the 
Miami Herald. Since February the newspaper has sought former artistic 
director Arnold Mittelman's employment contract and documents pertaining to theater 
finances.
Board members have said they were bound by a confidentiality clause on 
Mittelman's contract that could expose them to legal action if they disclosed the 
details.
Meanwhile, the state is seeking repayment of a $125,000 grant that was 
improperly used to pay employees, but continues to work with the board to salvage 
the remainder of the $500,000 grant; and Miami Parking Authority is moving ahead 
with preliminary plans for a mixed used retail space/parking garage on the 
lot adjacent to the Playhouse.
Meanwhile, the state is seeking repayment of a $125,000 grant that was 
improperly used to pay employees, but continues to work with the board to salvage 
the remainder of the $500,000 grant; and Miami Parking Authority is moving ahead 
with preliminary plans for a mixed used retail space/parking garage on the 
lot adjacent to the Playhouse. 


Thank you for your time, I look forward to hearing from you soon.


Felice Dubin
From:	Arias, Esther <earias@ci.miami.fl.us>
Sent:	Wednesday, July 5, 2006 12:53 PM
To:	elizabeth.edge@dhs.gov
Cc:	ariasesther@bellsouth.net; Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Collection Number 0955-B8585 - Name: Esther L. Arias

Importance:	High

Dear Sir:

 

My name is Esther Arias and for the past 10 yrs, I have been dealing with FEMA in connection with a wrong identity file connected to my social security number.  I have sent documentation proving that I am not the person they are looking for.  I have been dealing for the past 10 years with Mr. Joseph Cabrera, (800) 816-1122, and also Ms.  Margie Burroughs and or Ms. Muhammed (888) 826-3127, they all agreed that this is a wrong identity case, but nothing is being done about it. In 1999 when I last spoke to Mr. Cabrera, I asked him for something in writing stating that it was the wrong identity he explained again, as he did in 1996 that FEMA does not send any correspondence to that effect, I explained to him that I didn’t want this to go farther, since I was also a government employee and I didn’t want any problems, I’m a 20 year employee of the City of Miami,  he reassured me that everything was taken care off and I would not received any more letters from FEMA.  Well not FEMA but now in 2006  I received a notice form the IRS, stating that they were correcting my Tax returns from 1994, because they had received a notice of cancellation of Debt from FEMA which now that increased my 1994 income from which I now have to pay an additional amount of $274..  Again I called Mr. Cabrera who kept telling me that it was not his fault that he did his job, he requested my file from storage (as he explained to me)(this took about 3 weeks) the reason for this was that his new supervisor wanted to look at the file, I again waited patiently. Last week Tuesday, Mr. Cabrera calls me telling me to call the IRS and that everything was taken care off, that I could call them (IRS) and tell them to make the necessary corrections to my account because they had already spoken to them, of course that did not made any sense to me and I explained my concerns to him but any ways I called the IRS (800)829-8310, the lady I talked to was very helpful and gave me her employee badge number # 28-06758 she told me to called Mr. Cabrera back and ask for a corrected 1099 to be mailed to me and then mail that to the IRS.

Mr. Cabrera again told me he did his job and that eventually I would receive something from them.

  

Well this week end I received a cancellation of Debt and it doesn’t even shows an amount.  Mr. Paulison, I’m asking your help in solving this problem once and for all, I have never received any loans from FEMA, my last name was not even Arias back then, and why do I received a cancellation of debt, when I never had any dealings with FEMA to owe them anything.  All I want is a corrected 1099 sent to the IRS and a copy for me to keep with my records and that my name be cleared.

 

I have all pertinent documentation from past years correspondences relating to this, I can’t get any help from Mr. Cabrera not even a letter of apology, and really I think a have been very patient considering this has been going  on for more than 10 years.

 

Please let me know if you need additional information from.  Thanking you in advance for your help.

 

Esther Arias

3103 NW 97 Ct

Doral, FL 33172

 

Ph (305) 599-9489 Hm

     (305) 416-1543 Wk

     (305) 498-9199 Cell

 

e-mail: ariasesther@bellsouth.net

 

 

From:	Craig Eifert <cgeifert99@yahoo.com>
Sent:	Wednesday, July 5, 2006 12:30 PM
To:	jeb@jeb.org
Cc:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Fwd: ASSOCIATION BILLS VETOED! NOW WHAT??

Remember when private property was private? Remember when what you did in your back yard was your business? Remember when neighbors mined their own business?  Remember when insurance policies actually covered damage to your property? I wish for those days again. Socialism is unAmerican. 
 
Craig G. Eifert

Jan Bergemann <janberg@att.net> wrote: 

From: "Jan Bergemann" <janberg@att.net>
To: "Governor Jeb Bush" <jeb.bush@myflorida.com>
CC: "DBPR Secretary Simone Marstiller" <Simone.Marstiller@dbpr.state.fl.us>
Subject: ASSOCIATION BILLS VETOED! NOW WHAT??
Date: Wed, 5 Jul 2006 12:18:09 -0400



CCFJ, Inc, Dispatch -- Please Distribute Widely! 
July 5, 2006
 

Dear Governor Jeb Bush, Dear Secretary Simone Marstiller, Dear Legislators, Friends and Members,
 
After both major association bills have been vetoed, it is really time to find solutions for all the open problems, not just trying to find band-aids for the many pending issues. 
We have here in Florida not only a total property insurance disaster, but as well serious problems for owners in mandatory associations -- condos and homeowners' associations alike!
In his veto messages the Governor already stated that reforms are really necessary.
Please read the Governor's suggestions in his veto messages at:
http://www.ccfj.net/PB06HB391-SB1556veto.html
 
It is time that we create the necessary reforms -- in insurance and association law -- trying to avoid that many families -- and especially retirees -- are being priced out of their homes.
It is time that we will see a comprehensive bill that will try to remedy the many problems owners are facing on a daily basis. We need statutes with teeth -- meaning easy enforcement of our laws and regulations -- and education and accountability of the people in charge.
 
The only people with a vested interest in this matter are the owners, not the service providers or anybody else.
These new laws should protect the property rights of the owners, not the income of the service providers!

A comprehensive association bill will be ready for the next legislative session!
 
Warm Regards,

Jan Bergemann, President
Cyber Citizens For Justice, Inc.
http://www.ccfj.net/
 
IN ALLIANCE WITH: 
League of United Latin American Citizens (LULAC) 
Property Owners Association in the Villages (POA) 
Service Employees International Union (SEIU) Local 11  
Fair Housing Center of the Greater Palm Beaches (FHCGPB) 


  _____  

Do you Yahoo!?
Get on board. You're invited to try the new Yahoo! Mail Beta.
From:	Philip Lofe <philip@jettyeast.net>
Sent:	Wednesday, July 5, 2006 12:25 PM
To:	Michael Kaiser; Phil Flood; The Honorable Ray Sansom; Governor Jeb Bush; Joyce Vandenbosch; Josh Besore; Jonathan Levenson; Jolene Armstrong; John Steinau; JOHN PERRIN; John LeFever; Jim Proctor; Jim McCain; Jeff and Annette Box; Jason & Steph Lindsay; Jake & Karie Delhomme; Holiday Isle; Glen & Mary Stewart; George Warren; Gary Kuester; Gary Alden; Eucella Sanders; Eric Smith; Eric Kesselring; Edith Strickland; Debbi Crossland; Darrel Jones; Daniel M. McDevitt; Chuck Morrill; Chris Dorris; Bucky Crystal; Brad & Melissa Cole; Bonnie Trammel; Bob Friddle; Bob Davies; Bob & Jan Rakow; Bill and Irene Axon; Ben Lovelace; Ben and Kathryn Muniz; Barbara Browna; all3486@cox.net; A Coutu; Kim Rodgers; Marie "the princess" Hill; McBriens; Steve Hall; Tony.Anthony@sycoleman.com; Tracey Nettles; Tim Rule; Monica Van den berg; Jerry Mucci; Larry Ballard; Greg Kisela; Steve Craddock; Keith Montgomery
Subject:	Jetty East
Attachments:	215A Price Reduced to $375,000.pdf

 
From:	Allan Wiggins <wiggy1690w@yahoo.com>
Sent:	Wednesday, July 5, 2006 11:33 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Lawsuit reforms

Thank you Gov Bush for signing these amendments.Our
church school was subject to a frivolous lawsuit which
ended up with us having to pay 1.7 million out of
court for something we didnt do.You have been a
blessing to the State of Florida.

Rev Allan Wiggins Orange Park Assembly of God
Jacksonville Florida

__________________________________________________
Do You Yahoo!?
Tired of spam?  Yahoo! Mail has the best spam protection around 
http://mail.yahoo.com 
From:	Kimberli Muchmore <muchmores4@msn.com>
Sent:	Wednesday, July 5, 2006 11:30 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Keep English Official!

Kimberli Muchmore
906 SE 23rd Ter
Cape Coral, FL 33990


July 5, 2006

The Honorable Jeb Bush
Governor of Florida
The Capitol, 400 S. Monroe St.
Tallahassee, FL 32399-0001


Dear Governor Bush:

I am writing in regards to some information I was recently informed of 
regarding making Spanish the "official language of Florida."  I was 
shocked and outraged at this and pray that it is just a rumor.  It is 
ridiculous that tax payer money is wasted now to make every official form 
available in Spanish.  I took my niece to the DMV to get a book to study 
for her license.  The only books available were the ones in Spanish!!!  It 
appears that all of a sudden no one matters except the Spanish people.  
There are still white people in this country! There are still German, 
Italian, Asian, French, etc. that have come here LEGALLY, learn  and USE 
the ENGLISH language and don't expect to be catered to. We still vote and 
shop and contribute to this country.  Stop slapping us in the face as if 
we don't matter all of a sudden.

Keep English as our official language AND if you are not going to offer 
all the other foreign languages in our government form, eliminate the 
Spanish versions!  

Sincerely,


Mrs. Kim Muchmore


From:	Dick Percic <Dick@jhjllp.com>
Sent:	Wednesday, July 5, 2006 11:13 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Article in The Australian Praising Florida Education

The following message is confidential and/or subject to the attorney/client privilege; if you have received this message in error, please advise the sender as soon as possible and do not disclose the contents of this message to any other party.

Mr. Bush: 

        There was an editorial in today's The Australian newspaper praising the Florida system of education.  The article is by Janet Albrechtsen and it is entitled, "Florida system ensures schools fulfil their role".  If you cannot find this article online, please e-mail me and I will fax a copy to you.

        Carol Licko was my best friend in law school.  She thinks very highly of you and your work.  I do as well.  Dick

Richard D. Percic, Esq. 
Jeck, Harris & Jones, LLP 
1061 E. Indiantown Road, Suite 400 
Jupiter, FL 33477 
(561) 746-1344 ext. 305 

From:	Murzin, Dave <Dave.Murzin@myfloridahouse.gov>
Sent:	Wednesday, July 5, 2006 10:29 AM
To:	lkent; mike_whitehead@co.escambia.fl.us; Governor Jeb Bush; Darryl.Boudreau@dep.state.fl.us; mary.jean.yon@dep.state.fl.us
Cc:	Saufley Field
Subject:	RE: Happy July 4th -- The Dump is on Fire Again

Kris, Mr. Vinet is being held responsible for his actions.  I will say it once again... I am sure that DEP is doing everything they can under the law to resolve these issues.  I am sure you know that there is a burn ban in Escambia County. If someone commits arson, which this very well might have been, the law should apply to that person as well.   I assure you that he has no one "in his pocket".  Progress is being made, but it is slow.  The DEP is working on the issues.  Thanks,
 
Dave Murzin
State Representative, House District 2
Pensacola    850-494-7330
Tallahassee 850-488-8278
 

  _____  

From: lkent [mailto:lkent7@cox.net] 
Sent: Wednesday, July 05, 2006 10:19 AM
To: mike_whitehead@co.escambia.fl.us; jeb.bush@myflorida.com; Darryl.Boudreau@dep.state.fl.us; mary.jean.yon@dep.state.fl.us; Murzin, Dave
Cc: Saufley Field
Subject: Re: Happy July 4th -- The Dump is on Fire Again


Mr. Murzin
 
Thank you for your prompt response.  
 
My thinking is if Mr. Vinet was not breaking all the laws, if he was covering the trash weekly with dirt, if he had stopped putting trash in the dump when it exceeded the height limit, if he even once was in compliance with the county or DEP regulations, we would not have had the fire last night.  But no, let's go after the citizens of this county and put them in jail as we must abide by the laws.  Please, let's not hold Mr. Vinet responsible for anything.  He is just a poor man trying to have a business, at the cost, if I may remind you, of the health and welfare of the citizens of Pensacola.
 
So tell me, if lightening had started the fire, would we be holding God legally liable because Mr. Vinet is not required to work within the confines of the law.  Please do not insult me by saying he is.  I have read the correspondence from the DEP dated June 6, 2006 and I know he has been receiving warning letters since December of 2004.  He seems to be outside the law, does whatever he so chooses.  Makes many, many of the citizens who live around here wonder who he has in his pocket.  
 
So my suggestion as a course of action -- CLOSE THAT DUMP AND GET IT IN COMPLIANCE BY BRINGING THE HEIGHT DOWN AND COVERING WITH DIRT, STOP ALLOWING MORE TRASH TO BE BROUGHT IN.  DO SOMETHING BESIDES JUST TALK!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  
 
Or better yet, let's trade houses.  I'm sure you wouldn't mind sitting on your front porch in the evening and looking at a mountain over 120 feet tall of trash.
 
Thank you for your time.
 
Kris Hinson

----- Original Message ----- 
From: Murzin, Dave 
To: lkent7@cox.net ; mary.jean.yon@dep.state.fl.us ; Darryl.Boudreau@dep.state.fl.us ; jeb.bush@myflorida.com ; mike_whitehead@co.escambia.fl.us 
Sent: Wednesday, July 05, 2006 6:05 AM
Subject: Re: Happy July 4th -- The Dump is on Fire Again


Kristine, thanks for your email.  As I understand the situation right now, the landfill caught fire from the top.  The fire department has confirmed this and several witnesses have said that fireworks were being shot in the direction of the landfill, despite a burn ban, including fireworks, being in place.  The current thinking is that fireworks from your neighbors started the fire.  I am sure that the fire department and I hope the police department will investigate.   If your neighbors started the fire, because they were shooting fireworks in that direction, what would you suggest as a course of action?  They may very well be legally liable.  Dave

-----Original Message-----
From: lkent <lkent7@cox.net>
To: Mary Jean Yon <Mary.jean.yon@dep.state.fl.us>; Murzin, Dave; Boudreau, Darryl <Darryl.Boudreau@dep.state.fl.us>; Jeb Bush <jeb.bush@myflorida.com>; Mike Whitehead <mike_whitehead@co.escambia.fl.us>
Sent: Wed Jul 05 00:30:03 2006
Subject: Happy July 4th -- The Dump is on Fire Again

It is now 11:15 pm and I just now feel safe to go to bed.  The Saufley Field Dump caught on fire again, and this time it was a good one.  The air was filled with hot ambers and I was a bit concerned about my house. 

When is someone going to step up to the plate and do something about this dump.  I do not understand how you can allow this man to continue bringing in trash when we keep being told by DEP and the county commissioners that he is in violation of so many items.  What is it going to take for someone to do something -- someone's house burns down -- God forbid, someone gets hurt above and beyond the current health issues. 

The bulldozers will be working all night to put the fire out, so I am told.  Why is it so hard for me to believe it will be done properly?  Maybe all the other lies make it hard to accept this one.

A very concerned and tired voter!!!!!

L. Kristine Hinson




From:	Kay Stephenson <Kay.Stephenson@datamaxx.com>
Sent:	Wednesday, July 5, 2006 10:27 AM
To:	Ken Armstrong; Alan Williams; barry.j.webster@accenture.com; bjordan@championchevy.com; bmayco@aol.com; bbinzer@leoncountyfl.gov; brant@oldfirstchurch.org; bstreit@aol.com; Bracy, Carol; colledge@ccbg.com; dan_simmons@bkitech.com; david.ramsay@suntrust.com; dharvey@wcso.org; doug.darling@FLDFS.com; elaine@volunteerflorida.org; Governor Jeb Bush; gthornton@foleylaw.com; jacksonm@mail.leon.k12.fl.us; jennifer@tallahassee4u.com; Jesse Mckenzie; karen.walker@hklaw.com; Perez, Kent; kimberly.moore@wfplus.org; lawtonl@municode.com; Lee Hinkle; lisa.weimern@hcahealthcare.com; liza.mcfadden@vfffund.org; ljennings@tallbud.com; Lynna Sands; mark.obryant@tmh.org; marlonb@gadsdengov.net; Melissa Garner; mike.fields@bankofamerica.com; msvalentine163@earthlink.net; pdorsey@tallahassee.com; Goodson, Rachel; Ray Bellamy; rsolomon@garnet.acns.fsu.edu; Shari Hill; sharon.roush@hcahealthcare.com; stransou@tallbud.com; tallahassee.seale@worldnet.att.net; tsperry@joe.com; vincel@leoncountyfl.gov; vwilliams@cricpa.com; WakullaSO@WCSO.org
Subject:	RE: Rewards to staff
Attachments:	uwbb-color-email-signature.jpg

Ken:  Based on the surplus from a very successful campaign and the fact that there was a salary freeze, the staff is more than deserving of the recommended bonuses. You certainly have my support.    
 
Kay Stephenson

  _____  

From: Ken Armstrong [mailto:Ken@uwbb.org] 
Sent: Wednesday, July 05, 2006 9:23 AM
To: Alan Williams; barry.j.webster@accenture.com; bjordan@championchevy.com; bmayco@aol.com; bbinzer@leoncountyfl.gov; brant@oldfirstchurch.org; bstreit@aol.com; Carol Bracy; colledge@ccbg.com; dan_simmons@bkitech.com; david.ramsay@suntrust.com; dharvey@wcso.org; doug.darling@FLDFS.com; elaine@volunteerflorida.org; governorbush@myflorida.com; gthornton@foleylaw.com; jacksonm@mail.leon.k12.fl.us; jennifer@tallahassee4u.com; Jesse Mckenzie; karen.walker@hklaw.com; Kay Stephenson; Kent Perez; kimberly.moore@wfplus.org; lawtonl@municode.com; Lee Hinkle; lisa.weimern@hcahealthcare.com; liza.mcfadden@vfffund.org; ljennings@tallbud.com; Lynna Sands; mark.obryant@tmh.org; marlonb@gadsdengov.net; Melissa Garner; mike.fields@bankofamerica.com; msvalentine163@earthlink.net; pdorsey@tallahassee.com; Rachel Goodson; Ray Bellamy; rsolomon@garnet.acns.fsu.edu; Shari Hill; sharon.roush@hcahealthcare.com; stransou@tallbud.com; tallahassee.seale@worldnet.att.net; tsperry@joe.com; vincel@leoncountyfl.gov; vwilliams@cricpa.com; WakullaSO@WCSO.org
Subject: Rewards to staff



2005-2006 is going to turn out to be a very strong year for UWBB financially.  The purpose of this memo is to tell you that I plan to reward the staff with year-end bonuses.  But it has been our practice for me to give you a heads-up on this in the past.  Since you have always agreed with my judgement on this, I don't believe I need to ask for a vote...but I would like for you to raise a red flag if you see an issue with it, in which case we will re-visit.  I would like to give about $30,000 in bonuses.  Our total personnel expense line is about $1 million, so this is not extravagant.  Last year, we gave $21,500.

This was a banner year for UWBB's work on a variety of fronts--most quantifiable, an 8% increase in campaign.  We were able to increase the dollars to neighboring counties, move both BEST and Whole Child Leon along, plow more money into agencies, and sharply reduce our uncollectible (we expect to collect about $150,000 more than we budgeted to collect).  Bottom line is that, while the board authorized deficit spending to the tune of $87,500 (the staff development plan) plus $50,000 (local hurricane relief), we will actually run a surplus of about $100,000 even if I pay these bonuses.

 All this was done in a year that we froze salaries from the previous year.  So these bonuses are larger than I would ordinarily pay.  The staff swallowed hard at no salary increases and delivered in a major way.  That summarizes this plan.  I have run this by Treasurer Bill Colledge before sending to you, and he is in support.  Feedback appreciated from you.  Ken

Kenneth S. Armstrong, Ph.D.
President
Visit us online at www.uwbb.org
office  850-414-0853
cell  850-545-4843
fax  850-414-0852
ken@uwbb.org
307 East 7th Avenue 
Tallahassee, FL 32303

 	
 




************************************************************************************
This footnote confirms that this email message has been scanned by
PineApp Mail-SeCure for the presence of malicious code, vandals & computer viruses.
************************************************************************************



From:	lkent <lkent7@cox.net>
Sent:	Wednesday, July 5, 2006 10:19 AM
To:	mike_whitehead@co.escambia.fl.us; Governor Jeb Bush; Darryl.Boudreau@dep.state.fl.us; mary.jean.yon@dep.state.fl.us; Murzin, Dave
Cc:	Saufley Field
Subject:	[*] Re: Happy July 4th -- The Dump is on Fire Again

Mr. Murzin
 
Thank you for your prompt response.  
 
My thinking is if Mr. Vinet was not breaking all the laws, if he was covering the trash weekly with dirt, if he had stopped putting trash in the dump when it exceeded the height limit, if he even once was in compliance with the county or DEP regulations, we would not have had the fire last night.  But no, let's go after the citizens of this county and put them in jail as we must abide by the laws.  Please, let's not hold Mr. Vinet responsible for anything.  He is just a poor man trying to have a business, at the cost, if I may remind you, of the health and welfare of the citizens of Pensacola.
 
So tell me, if lightening had started the fire, would we be holding God legally liable because Mr. Vinet is not required to work within the confines of the law.  Please do not insult me by saying he is.  I have read the correspondence from the DEP dated June 6, 2006 and I know he has been receiving warning letters since December of 2004.  He seems to be outside the law, does whatever he so chooses.  Makes many, many of the citizens who live around here wonder who he has in his pocket.  
 
So my suggestion as a course of action -- CLOSE THAT DUMP AND GET IT IN COMPLIANCE BY BRINGING THE HEIGHT DOWN AND COVERING WITH DIRT, STOP ALLOWING MORE TRASH TO BE BROUGHT IN.  DO SOMETHING BESIDES JUST TALK!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  
 
Or better yet, let's trade houses.  I'm sure you wouldn't mind sitting on your front porch in the evening and looking at a mountain over 120 feet tall of trash.
 
Thank you for your time.
 
Kris Hinson

----- Original Message ----- 
From: Murzin, Dave 
To: lkent7@cox.net ; mary.jean.yon@dep.state.fl.us ; Darryl.Boudreau@dep.state.fl.us ; jeb.bush@myflorida.com ; mike_whitehead@co.escambia.fl.us 
Sent: Wednesday, July 05, 2006 6:05 AM
Subject: Re: Happy July 4th -- The Dump is on Fire Again


Kristine, thanks for your email.  As I understand the situation right now, the landfill caught fire from the top.  The fire department has confirmed this and several witnesses have said that fireworks were being shot in the direction of the landfill, despite a burn ban, including fireworks, being in place.  The current thinking is that fireworks from your neighbors started the fire.  I am sure that the fire department and I hope the police department will investigate.   If your neighbors started the fire, because they were shooting fireworks in that direction, what would you suggest as a course of action?  They may very well be legally liable.  Dave

-----Original Message-----
From: lkent <lkent7@cox.net>
To: Mary Jean Yon <Mary.jean.yon@dep.state.fl.us>; Murzin, Dave; Boudreau, Darryl <Darryl.Boudreau@dep.state.fl.us>; Jeb Bush <jeb.bush@myflorida.com>; Mike Whitehead <mike_whitehead@co.escambia.fl.us>
Sent: Wed Jul 05 00:30:03 2006
Subject: Happy July 4th -- The Dump is on Fire Again

It is now 11:15 pm and I just now feel safe to go to bed.  The Saufley Field Dump caught on fire again, and this time it was a good one.  The air was filled with hot ambers and I was a bit concerned about my house. 

When is someone going to step up to the plate and do something about this dump.  I do not understand how you can allow this man to continue bringing in trash when we keep being told by DEP and the county commissioners that he is in violation of so many items.  What is it going to take for someone to do something -- someone's house burns down -- God forbid, someone gets hurt above and beyond the current health issues. 

The bulldozers will be working all night to put the fire out, so I am told.  Why is it so hard for me to believe it will be done properly?  Maybe all the other lies make it hard to accept this one.

A very concerned and tired voter!!!!!

L. Kristine Hinson




From:	Kalinsky, Robert L. <RKalinsky@dadeschools.net>
Sent:	Wednesday, July 5, 2006 10:07 AM
To:	alingz24@yahoo.com
Cc:	commissioner@fldoe.org; Hombrados, Fatima M.; Bolanos Distribution List; Governor Jeb Bush; mary.tappen@fldoe.org; phil.handy@fldoe.org; sandra.dilger@fldoe.org; Falcon, Mayra B.; Becerra, Carlos A.; Nunez, George A.; cindy.yeager@fldoe.org; Sotolongo, Raquel O.
Subject:	[*] FW: Eugenia B. Tomas Elementary School-Emergency


Ms. Ruiz, as per my previous correspondences with you, if you would be
kind of enough to call me at 305-883-0403 or provide me a number where I
can reach you, I will be glad to set up a meeting with you and the
principal to discuss your concerns. Eugenia B. Thomas is an outstanding
school in the Doral area. A meeting with us will alleviate most if not
all of the issues raised in your e-mail.  Thank you and I look forward
to hearing from you.  Robert Kalinsky

----- Original Message -----
From: Albania Ruiz <alingz24@yahoo.com>
To: cindy.yeager@fldoe.org <cindy.yeager@fldoe.org>;
commissioner@fldoe.org <commissioner@fldoe.org>; Hombrados, Fatima M.;
Bolanos Distribution List; jeb.bush@myflorida.com
<jeb.bush@myflorida.com>; mary.tappen@fldoe.org <mary.tappen@fldoe.org>;
phil.handy@fldoe.org <phil.handy@fldoe.org>; sandra.dilger@fldoe.org
<sandra.dilger@fldoe.org>; Falcon, Mayra B.
Sent: Tue Jul 04 19:20:47 2006
Subject: Eugenia B. Tomas Elementary School-Emergency

July 04, 2006
 
 
 
To whom it may concern:
 
     There is a very good elementary school by the name of Eugenia B.
Thomas Elementary located in the city of Doral, Florida (in Miami-Dade
county).  This school could be the best school in this area, but since
it is extremely crowded, it's turning into the worst.  I don't think it
is healthy for the kids to be in small classrooms with 43 classmates and
two teachers.  It gets to the point where they can't even go to the
bathroom because it is very difficult for the teacher to handle that
situation every five minutes.  I think that the teachers in this school
are heroes, because academically, it is impossible to teach comfortably
to so many kids.  The teachers are refusing to recommend kids for the
gifted programs because they don't have time to do all the paperwork.
Also, the gifted teacher has 40 kids in the classroom.  I don't
understand how they are building a middle school, turning the school
into a K-8 center when they can use that space to reduce the number of
kids per classroom.  There a quite a few middle schools in the area.  In
the previous years, this school was CAP and they were sending the kids
to other elementary schools in the area.  The school principal doesn't
want to do it anymore, for unknown reasons.  This city is growing every
day- there are almost 2,000 new houses to be occupied and of course, the
kids are going to attend Eugenia B. Thomas.  This year, a decision needs
to be made by somebody in a position of power.  There is a lot of
pressure the kids taking the FCAT during the third grade and they can't
learn comfortably in such crowded conditions.  Because of this
situation, they don't even have enough food for the kids.  The kids that
have lunch at 1:00, when they get to the cafeteria, there is not enough
food.  There are only leftovers from the earlier lunch periods.  They
have to swallow the food as fast as they can because more kids are
coming after them.  Do you think this is a healthy environment, with the
stress and hunger?  Is there any way the school can be provided with
portable trailers to be used as classrooms?  This is an emergency
situation that needs to be solved as soon as possible.  Can they apply
the law that says that 25 kids per classroom and per teacher is the
maximum?  It is unbelievable that in the United States of America this
situation is real.  Something must be done. 
 
 
 
 
 
From a concerned mother.
 

________________________________

Want to be your own boss? Learn how on Yahoo! Small Business.
<http://us.rd.yahoo.com/evt=41244/*http://smallbusiness.yahoo.com/r-inde
x>  
From:	Manuel Leff <manuelleff@aol.com>
Sent:	Wednesday, July 5, 2006 9:48 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Communism?

Manuel Leff
509-A South Main Street
Winter Garden, FL 34787-3534


July 5, 2006

The Honorable Jeb Bush
Governor of Florida
The Capitol, 400 S. Monroe St.
Tallahassee, FL 32399-0001


Dear Governor Bush:

Dear Governor Bush,

I didn't want to say anything, but after recent events I feel I must.  A 
few weeks ago we had the terrible events at the Federal Penitentiary 
involving Federal Officers.  Here is the crux of the matter.  You have an 
age limit in order to be a Federal Correctional Officer in Florida.  This 
means that older and more experienced officers are not allowed to make the 
kind of money that younger, less-experienced officers can make; because 
the Feds pay more.

I remember that when I was young, I was told I couldn't earn as much as 
the others because I didn't have enough experience.  Now that I have the 
experience, I am being told I can't make as much as the others because I 
am too old!!!!

Sincerely,


Manuel Leff
4076543311


From:	Ken Armstrong <Ken@uwbb.org>
Sent:	Wednesday, July 5, 2006 9:23 AM
To:	Alan Williams; barry.j.webster@accenture.com; bjordan@championchevy.com; bmayco@aol.com; bbinzer@leoncountyfl.gov; brant@oldfirstchurch.org; bstreit@aol.com; Bracy, Carol; colledge@ccbg.com; dan_simmons@bkitech.com; david.ramsay@suntrust.com; dharvey@wcso.org; doug.darling@FLDFS.com; elaine@volunteerflorida.org; Governor Jeb Bush; gthornton@foleylaw.com; jacksonm@mail.leon.k12.fl.us; jennifer@tallahassee4u.com; Jesse Mckenzie; karen.walker@hklaw.com; kay.stephenson@datamaxx.com; Perez, Kent; kimberly.moore@wfplus.org; lawtonl@municode.com; Lee Hinkle; lisa.weimern@hcahealthcare.com; liza.mcfadden@vfffund.org; ljennings@tallbud.com; Lynna Sands; mark.obryant@tmh.org; marlonb@gadsdengov.net; Melissa Garner; mike.fields@bankofamerica.com; msvalentine163@earthlink.net; pdorsey@tallahassee.com; Goodson, Rachel; Ray Bellamy; rsolomon@garnet.acns.fsu.edu; Shari Hill; sharon.roush@hcahealthcare.com; stransou@tallbud.com; tallahassee.seale@worldnet.att.net; tsperry@joe.com; vincel@leoncountyfl.gov; vwilliams@cricpa.com; WakullaSO@WCSO.org
Subject:	Rewards to staff
Attachments:	uwbb-color-email-signature.jpg

2005-2006 is going to turn out to be a very strong year for UWBB financially.  The purpose of this memo is to tell you that I plan to reward the staff with year-end bonuses.  But it has been our practice for me to give you a heads-up on this in the past.  Since you have always agreed with my judgement on this, I don't believe I need to ask for a vote...but I would like for you to raise a red flag if you see an issue with it, in which case we will re-visit.  I would like to give about $30,000 in bonuses.  Our total personnel expense line is about $1 million, so this is not extravagant.  Last year, we gave $21,500.

This was a banner year for UWBB's work on a variety of fronts--most quantifiable, an 8% increase in campaign.  We were able to increase the dollars to neighboring counties, move both BEST and Whole Child Leon along, plow more money into agencies, and sharply reduce our uncollectible (we expect to collect about $150,000 more than we budgeted to collect).  Bottom line is that, while the board authorized deficit spending to the tune of $87,500 (the staff development plan) plus $50,000 (local hurricane relief), we will actually run a surplus of about $100,000 even if I pay these bonuses.

 All this was done in a year that we froze salaries from the previous year.  So these bonuses are larger than I would ordinarily pay.  The staff swallowed hard at no salary increases and delivered in a major way.  That summarizes this plan.  I have run this by Treasurer Bill Colledge before sending to you, and he is in support.  Feedback appreciated from you.  Ken

Kenneth S. Armstrong, Ph.D.
President
Visit us online at www.uwbb.org
office  850-414-0853
cell  850-545-4843
fax  850-414-0852
ken@uwbb.org
307 East 7th Avenue 
Tallahassee, FL 32303

 	
 




************************************************************************************
This footnote confirms that this email message has been scanned by
PineApp Mail-SeCure for the presence of malicious code, vandals & computer viruses.
************************************************************************************



From:	JUAN VAZQUEZ <darieldal@msn.com>
Sent:	Wednesday, July 5, 2006 9:08 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Thanks.

Governor Bush Signs 
Two Key Lawsuit Reform Bills

Thanks. 








My Regards 
Juan Daniel 
From:	tonytke@yahoo.com
Sent:	Wednesday, July 5, 2006 8:15 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	[*] Wounded Marine on a new mission

This St. Petersburg Times (http://www.sptimes.com) story has been sent to you from: tonytke@yahoo.com

Another life distroyed by "Bush Inc."

Wounded Marine on a new mission
By By ANDREA CHANG
Published July 5, 2006

http://www.sptimes.com/2006/07/04/4starcithernpasmana/Wounded_Marine_on_a_n.shtml

null

Times Staff Writer


ST. PETERSBURG - Cpl. Michael Jernigan and four other Marines were on a security patrol south of Baghdad two years ago when a roadside bomb tore through their Humvee. The blast killed one Marine and injured several others.


Jernigan, 27, a 1997 St. Petersburg High graduate, was the most severely injured survivor. He lost both eyes, his right hand and left knee were mangled, an artery in his left leg was torn open, and his forehead was shattered.


Jernigan's story, spread by the media and daily e-mails written by his mother, Tracey Willis, prompted thousands of e-mails, cards and well wishes to pour in from around the world.


Word of his injuries and recovery reached Bobby Newman, a board member of Southeastern Guide Dogs in Palmetto, who offered to pair Jernigan with a guide dog. Then Newman had a bigger idea.


"A light went on in my head, and I said, 'Hey, why don't we offer all the soldiers who have been blinded in the war on terror in Iraq and Afghanistan - why don't we offer them all a guide dog?' " recalled Newman, 55.


And so Paws for Patriots was born. The program provides free guide dogs to veterans of Iraq or Afghanistan, including those, such as amputees, who aren't blind but could use a service dog.


"I never thought I would be in a position to inspire others to do bigger and better things," Jernigan said. "It gives you an idea of a better way to live your life."


Paws for Patriots is running radio and television ads featuring Jernigan and retired Gen. Tommy Franks. Program representatives also visit military hospitals to promote the program.


In January, Jernigan received the first Paws for Patriots guide dog: a goldador (a mix of golden and Labrador retrievers) named Kera. The pair worked together for two months, but Jernigan had to return her after she led him into traffic.


"We had a great time; it just wasn't that great of a match," Jernigan said.


The program has identified about 30 veterans blinded in Iraq or Afghanistan. Three are receiving guide dogs, and at least six other veterans have requested service dogs, Newman said.


"We think it's a great way to give back to our country," Newman said.


Jernigan's family is contributing, too. Last month, Willis, 53, and Bob Campbell, Jernigan's stepdad, received a 9-week-old yellow Labrador puppy from Southeastern Guide Dogs that they will train for up to 24 months.


Jernigan paid $1,750 for the right to name the puppy Ted - in honor of Jernigan's grandfather, who was the first of three generations of Marines.


If Ted is accepted as a guide dog, he could be paired with Jernigan, though the odds are small.


"That would be phenomenal," Willis said through tears. "The idea that Mike would have spent that amount of money to name a dog after my dad that someday could be his guide dog is unbelievable to me."


Jernigan is making steady progress after undergoing major surgery 30 times in 12 months. He has regained partial use of his right hand but might have additional surgery to improve its function. In December 2004, he was fitted for a prosthetic right eye.


He actually has five prosthetic eyes that he rotates in use. Three are what he calls "normal" eyes - in baby blue, emerald green and aquamarine. Then there's a red eye with a Marine Corps emblem in the center. Finally, his "bling-bling" eye: navy blue with a carat's worth of diamonds embedded in the pupil.


"All the ladies love that one," he said.


His eye is also a hit with kids, who ask him, "Can you pop your eye out?"


Jernigan is always happy to oblige, pulling his lower eyelid down until the prosthetic eye slides out.


"I usually get a lot of oohs and ahhs," he said.


Despite his progress, not everything has gone smoothly.


In August, he and his wife, Bekah, decided to divorce. They were high school sweethearts who married in 2003, and his wife was by his side through much of the initial stages of his recovery and treatment.


Jernigan plans to enroll at St. Petersburg College in August and hopes to one day teach high school.


"I've got plans for the future, which is a good thing," he said. "I don't plan on sitting down and becoming a General Hospital addict with some bonbons."


Although Jernigan acknowledged the past couple of years have at times been tumultuous, he said now that his bad days are few and far between. And he knows to keep it all in perspective.


"No matter how bad it gets, it could always be worse," he said. "Yeah, I lost my eyes, but I could have lost my legs, too. Now I can walk but I can't see where I'm walking."


¬© Copyright 2002-2006, St. Petersburg Times
From:	T Sims <T.Sims@fldfs.com>
Sent:	Wednesday, July 5, 2006 8:08 AM
To:	philip@egbsystems.com
Cc:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	FW: [*] Business Enquiry

We are unaware of any license required to do "credit repair" work in our state.  It most definitely is not requlated by us here in the Florida Office of Financial Regulation.
-----Original Message-----
From: Fayona Salmon 
Sent: Wednesday, July 05, 2006 7:57 AM
To: T Sims
Subject: FW: [*] Business Enquiry



 

 

  _____  

From: Governor Jeb Bush [mailto:Jeb.Bush@MyFlorida.com] 
Sent: Monday, July 03, 2006 4:39 PM
To: philip@egbsystems.com
Cc: Fayona Salmon
Subject: RE: [*] Business Enquiry

 

Governor Bush has received your e-mail and has asked me to respond on his behalf.

 

To better assist you, I am forwarding your concerns to the Department of Financial Services for review and response.  You should hear from someone in that office.

 

Thank you for writing and do not hesitate to write again on matters of concern or interest to you.

 

Sincerely,

 

Rex T. Newman

Citizens' Services

-----Original Message-----
From: philip@egbsystems.com [mailto:philip@egbsystems.com]
Sent: Wednesday, June 14, 2006 9:36 AM
To: Governor Jeb Bush
Subject: [*] Business Enquiry

Dear Sir/Madam, 

 

I am grateful to inform you that I am planning to open a business related to “Credit Repair” in your state. So I want you to do me a favor by furnishing me  with the below details regarding the license and bond which will be very useful for me to start the business successfully. 

1. What does the license cost to start and operate a credit repair company within the state? 
2. How often must the license be renewed and what is the cost for renewal? 
3. How does one go about obtaining a license? 

1. Is a credit repair agency/company in the state required to be bonded? 
2. How much must the bond be for and how much will it cost? 
3. How often must the bond be renewed? 
4. How does one go about obtaining the bond? 

 I’m eagerly waiting for your reply with the answers for my questions. I’ll be grateful to you for all the timely assistance that you provide me. 

 

Thank You. 

Kind Regards, 
Philip.

 

203-548-9949

From:	Penne <freebornuscs@tampabay.rr.com>
Sent:	Wednesday, July 5, 2006 7:29 AM
To:	'Congresswoman Ginny Brown-Waite'
Cc:	comments@whitehouse.gov; Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Follow-up on CPS Breastfeeding Policy (RE: Responding to your message)

 
 
-----Original Message-----
From: Congresswoman Ginny Brown-Waite [mailto:fl05ima.pub@mail.house.gov] 
Sent: Friday, June 30, 2006 5:05 PM
To: freeborn@ardfamilyco-op.net
Subject: Responding to your message
 
  
Dear Penne: 
  
Thank you for contacting me with your thoughts regarding the Child Protective Services' practice of removing children from their mothers even if they are breastfeeding. I have discussed your concerns with my staff and am grateful for your input. 
  
I firmly believe that any allegations of child abuse must be thoroughly and swiftly investigated. As a mother and grandmother, I am horrified by instances of child abuse. I appreciate such insight and true concern on this critical issue. Hearing your views is imperative so that I can best serve as your voice in Washington . If you would like more information on issues, or would like to share your thoughts with me via e-mail, you may visit my website at www.house.gov/brown-waite . Please do not hesitate to contact me again should you have further concerns on federal legislation or programs. 
  
Throughout my tenure in public service, I have always kept an open door and an open dialogue with my constituents. As the 109th Congress addresses the many challenges facing our nation, I hope you will continue to share your thoughts and views with me. Accordingly, I encourage you to visit my website at http://brown-waite.house.gov to email me and find useful information about our 5th Congressional District. 
It is my honor and privilege to serve the people of Florida 's 5th Congressional District and my offices and staff are here to provide you with any assistance you may need. 
 
Sincerely,
Ginny Brown-Waite
Member of Congress
Dear Ginny,
It’s wonderful to hear from you and learn that you have taken under consideration the concerns over DCF/CPS policies regarding removal of breastfeeding children from their mothers.  Your encouragement to continue the dialogue is most appreciated.  As a fellow mother and grandmother of nursing babes in arms, I share your repulsion at instances of bona fide child abuse in which criminal charges have been duly processed and proven beyond a shadow of a doubt.  I can imagine this would be a rare case with a mother dedicated enough to put her life on hold and breastfeed her child for a period of six months or more, as recommended by the DOHHS, AAP, WHO, and others. 
In fact, I understand that a vast majority of abuse and neglect allegations are discovered to be wholly unfounded, but only after the children have been removed from the home and the family traumatized unnecessarily due to lack of a proper and thorough investigation in accordance with procedure.  The special needs of a breastfeeding child are not specifically addressed in the state CPS policy manual, as far as I know, even though this type of nourishment is regarded as vital by its parent Department of Health and Human Services, as well as the above-mentioned organizations.
I am equally horrified at the reports coming in of the abuses being perpetrated upon innocent families by the government agencies designed to serve their communities.  As you may be aware, protecting the mother/child breastfeeding relationship is only one of the Constitutional rights frequently violated in the name of “child protection,” both here and around the nation.  With over thirteen hundred children missing in the Florida state system alone, and reports of FBI investigations confirming CPS involvement in baby trafficking, as well as overseas slave trade, in the House Ways and Means Committee meetings on Reform – there is definite cause for concern.  We would like to know what efforts are being made to investigate the possibility of this type of corruption within our own state agencies.
We have followed your work as our District Representative for a while now, Ginny, and are pleased to have an opportunity to get to know you better and learn more about this issue.  Looking forward to hearing from you again.
Yours truly,
Penne Ard and Family
Cc:  President George W. Bush
Governor Jeb Bush
Senator Mel Martinez, FL
Senator Tom Harkin, IA
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
      
 
From:	Augustuseg1@aol.com
Sent:	Wednesday, July 5, 2006 5:55 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	conspiracy

Dear Gov. Bush and Staff: As a disabled veteran and former Federal Employee, with some basic and esential knowledge of the law. I would like to inquire as to why the citizens of Florida should obey the laws of Florida when it is common knowledge that the State of Florida, it's Counties, and it's Law Enforcement Agencies KNOWINGLY (for the sake of Commerce and Profit) engage in allowing and even promoting the hiring of "illegals", even for the cities and counties themselves (through the guise of "subcontracting") such that it constitutes a willful violation of it's own laws?
 
While this goes on, citizens of Florida are then subject to fewer jobs of their own, victims of crime by "illegals", and a drain on social services for those more deserving.
 
By the way. Since the Catholic Church is so "involved" in scheming to promote and facilitate this, they should not be exempt from taxation, since by doing so, it is a "political" and "social" exercise, rather than strictly religious.
 
For the State to profess ignorance of the situation would be outright fraud.
 
Thank you.
 
Earl Perdue, Jr.
 
cc:
 
 
From:	Noel Hernandez <zito6d@hotmail.com>
Sent:	Wednesday, July 5, 2006 5:39 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Next years Fire season

Dear Sir

I hope this E-Mail finds you well Happy Fourth of July. I am writing you 
with possible solutions for next years fire season. The dry weather that 
results in the fires in north and Central florida can be curtailed by 
salvaging the old and damaged oil rigs and placing them strategically in the 
Atlantic and the Gulf of Mexico where they can be used to create steam 
clouds both purifing the air and also condensation that will be carried over 
the peninsula at a given time when rain is needed. These towers can slao be 
used to bring cooler water from the ocean depth to the subsurface to be 
carried around the peninsula by the Gulf Stream avoiding the possibility 
that adverse conditions would cause damaging storms. A computer model 
simulation run on the Navy's Super Computer along with proper management by 
existing Army Corp. Engineers as well as State agencies can insure optimal 
use of our largest resource water, both on land in lakes and offshore.

In passing I wrote you regarding the loose gradient around Miami 
International airport Possible solutions include taking top portion of Metro 
rail and placing in the ground at an elevation suitable for use by FEC. Also 
a drainage canal leading to adjoining lakes much like the diversion channels 
built in Los Angeles but on a smaller scale. By using already existing 
methods, we can stream line the approval process and use are second most 
valuable resource lime and stone to build the track base that would be set 
into a tamped trench to avoid it sinkng further into the ground after 
installation.

I recently wrote Mr. Bill Gates and E-mail congratulating him on his 
retirement. I also recommended that he secure his servers and data bases in 
old abandoned mines that are still viable due to the density of the 
surrounding geology. I also recommended that he build Tilt-up concrete 
buildings approx. 15' high on barges that can be sunk offshore in 30' of 
water where Coral can be introduced on the exterior surface when nutured 
properly this will enclose the structure which will be made air tight from 
within. Pile-ons driven into the sea bed placed properly will prevent any 
further settling of structure. I felt this was necessary in case a Solar 
Flare burned off our atmosphere. With oxygen generators and other survival 
gear provided by Navy Surplus or Knowledge base would be secured.

I hope I have been helpful although I did not mention the state of Florida I 
would like very much for our Great State to play a major role in being able 
to implement such ideas and goals Nationwide much like are bridge building 
techniques we use World Wide.

Thank you

Noel Hernandez Jr

_________________________________________________________________
Express yourself instantly with MSN Messenger! Download today - it's FREE! 
http://messenger.msn.click-url.com/go/onm00200471ave/direct/01/

From:	John Nooney <vendo5@yahoo.com>
Sent:	Wednesday, July 5, 2006 3:59 AM
To:	Stone, Mike; vendo5@yahoo.com; Connie Durand; duvaltaxpayers@googlegroups.com; Susan C Eastman; edgrey@comcast.net; Nicki Edwards; Edward Eng; Wayne Ezell; features@detnews.com; FEMA; Fields, Terry; Sharon Copeland; MIKE Corrigan; Ander Crenshaw; John Crescimbeni; criscoinc2@aol.com; James B Crooks; John Culbreth; Lad Daniels; Marti Davenport; Dan Davis; Davis, Don; Todd Davison; dcpitman@aol.com; john delaney; Doreen DiCarlo; Don Dingman; donnie sing; raynancy dunn; Tiffany Busby; busey@smithhulsey.com; Governor Jeb Bush; Shirley Buterbaugh; Ellen Call; sue carlson; Carlton, Lisa; Carroll, Jennifer; carter@carterbryangroup.com; cavuto@foxnews.com; cbs47news@ccjax.com; Carolyn Chatman; Richard Cheney; cityc@coj.net; Mike Clark; Richard Clark; Tim Clower; comments@whitehouse.gov; commuter@detnews.com; Ed Conley; mitch cooksey; Alison Bethel; jane beville; bhill@courier-journal.com; Mike Bianchi; Mack Bissette; Susan Bitting; biz@detnews.com; BobBill; bobby.fitzsimmons@ahlcorp.com; Bob Boteler; Brian Bowman; Christopher Boyd; John Bozzo; Brinson; Beverly Brooks; Elaine Brown; Mickee Brown; Philip Bruce; Cecil Brumley; Jim Adams; Laura Algeo; Bob Ammiano; amrivers@amrivers.org; JR Anderson; Jess Anderton; anne Keller; Neil armingeon; Carolyn Artman; aschindler@folioweekly.com; aunt Mary; Marty Bahamonde; Jean Baker; James Bassham; tony bates; david bauerlein; Bruce Baughman; Bean, Aaron; Mike Beeman
Subject:	[*] Re: Fwd: Re: Fw: (DEM) Division of Emergency Management) Questions for Craig

Dear Mr. Stone,
                       First of all, thank you for the response back. I can't even begin to tell you how much I appreciate the opportunity of communication with those of you who are entrusted with our Public Safety.
   We are the murder capital of Florida and that's just for starters. Recently in the Florida Times Union it was announced that Jacksonville will hold the League of Cities annual conference Aug.10-12 at the Hyatt Regency formerly Adams Mark.
   One of the keynote speakers will be James Lee Witt the former Director of the Federal Emergency Management Agency. WOW! I wonder what his opinion would be to the April 22, 2005 old Fuller Warren Bridge study ordered by our Mayor John Peyton.
   Mike, with all do respect your answer and response back deserves a lot more than what you wrote. Governor Bush needs to intervene immediately. Homeland Security Secretary Michael Chertoff needs to be briefed. R. David Paulison our new Director of FEMA needs to intervene and respond. Our new acting Director for Region IV Mary Lynn Miller needs to be immediately brought into the loop. Mr. Craig Fugate at the very least needs to send someone to Jacksonville to do their own site inspection then have a meeting with Mayor Peyton and ask the Mayor "What are you Thinking?"
   Mike on Friday June 30,2006 I attended the opening of Club Paris at the Landing in Downtown Jacksonville. I didn't have a VIP pass but felt a civic obligation to be there as Joe Q. Public
    I positioned myself adjacent to the upstairs escalator. When I took a break I'd walk a few hundred feet open the swinging doors and would look across the river and would see the old Fuller Warren Bridge. An FDOT structure that is next to a hospital, can be used for ambulatory service. A brand new helipad and an existing structure that can hold 6000 people. What a comforting and reassuring thought for Public Safety.
    Back inside where it was hot. People were starting to arrive. I saw Terry Lorrince our Executive Director for Downtown Vision, Congresswoman Corrine Brown, Mayor John Peyton and his wife, Neptune Beach Mayor Dick Brown was with his wife former city council president Elaine Brown.
   But the real action wasn't on the dance floor it was on the escalator. People coming up the escalator had no where to go when they got to the top. The faces of women in high heels and toe rings as they are ascending to the party are smiles until they suddenly realize they are trapped and they are jumping and pushing to avoid getting caught in the continuing motion of the escalator. It was gut wrenching to watch. The escalator was finally shut off in the name of Public Safety. I had seen enough. Well, maybe not.
    I walk outside one more time look across the river to the old Fuller Warren Bridge and I'm just thinking to myself somebody outside of Jacksonville Florida. Please help.
 
                                                                                    Sincerely,
                                                                                    John Nooney
 


Mike.Stone@dca.state.fl.us wrote:


Dear Mr. Nooney, 

The Department of Transportation would handle the structural / maintenance issues and the Florida Highway Patrol handles the public safety on those state facilities, not DEM. 

Mike Stone
Lead Public Information Officer
Florida Division of Emergency Management
State Emergency Response Team
(850)413-9883




John Nooney <vendo5@yahoo.com> 
06/26/2006 12:59 PM 
To
Tom Walsh <twalsh@freepress.com>, Kathleen Waltz <kwaltz@orlandosentinel.com>, Tina Ward-Pugh <tina.ward-pugh@loukymetro.org>, Ben Warner <ben@jcci.org>, clara watkins <clarawatkins@nefmls.com>, cathy watson <CatKev@aol.com>, Tonyaa Weathersbee <tonnyaa.weathersbee@jacksonville.com>, Roger Weeder <rweeder@firstcoastnews.com>, George Weeks <gweeks@detnews.com>, Mike Weinstein <mweinstein@takestockinchildren.com>, Ron Weston <ron.weston@loukymetro.org>, James White <white@cuyahogariverrap.org>, Michael Widomski <michael.widomski@dhs.gov>, john wilbanks <jwilbank@bmcjax.com>, Steve Wise <Wise.Stephen.web@flsenate.gov>, Andy Wojcicki <andrew.wojcicki@jax.ufl.edu>, "Mark. Woods" <mark.woods@jacksonville.com>, Mary Woolridge <mary.woolridge@loukymetro.org>, Gwen Yates <GYATES@coj.net>, Lisa Zagaroli <lzagaroli@detnews.com>, Kenneth Taylor <ktaylor@ncem.org>, Jamie Thompson <jthompson@sptimes.com>, Leroy Thompson <leroy.thompson@dca.state.fl.us>, Terry Tiersch <ttiersch@agctr.lsu.edu>, tom.szaroleta@jacksonville.com, Mark Truby <mtruby@detnews.com>, Robin Turner <robin.turner@dep.state.fl.us>, Roxy Tyler <roxy.tyler@cox.com>, valeriebritt2004@yahoo.com, Mark Vieira <mark.vieira@dhs.gov>, Mohammad Waliullah <mohammad.waliullah@dhs.gov>, Dan Walsh <narbecki@msn.com>, carol sherrier <carolsherrier@spcorp.com>, Martha Shirko <mkshirko@bellsouth.net>, keith Shoemaker <keithshoe@comcast.net>, Dave Siebert <contpvp@yahoo.com>, Andy Sikes <asike001@bmcjax.com>, John Slate <airwolfjbs@bellsouth.net>, Dave Smith <polyfacet@aol.com>, Eric Smith <esmith@fcsl.edu>, Robyn Smith <AmsterdamCafe@Bellsouth.net>, Virginia Smith <virginia.smith@news-jrnl.com>, Jeff Snyder <jeff.snyder@news-jrnl.com>, howard solomon <OutdoorFl@aol.com>, sports@detnews.com, Cliff Stearns <fl06wyr@housemail.house.gov>, Joshua Stewart <jstewart@wjct.org>, Linda Stewart <District4@ocfl.net>, Mike Stone <mike.stone@dca.state.fl.us>, William Straw <william.straw@dhs.gov>, stan strickland <ststrick@comcast.net>, Don Redman <donredman@bellsouth.net>, Renee Monforton <rmonforton@visitdetroit.com>, Jeremy RiCharde <Jeremy.RiCharde@dep.state.fl.us>, roger.bull@jacksonville.com, Richard Rogers <rogersaircare@bellsouth.net>, melissa Ross <mmross@firstcoastnews.com>, Sandy Schaefer <flynpig@comcast.net>, Eric Schultz <eschultz@ersengineering.com>, Scott <fishfun29@yahoo.com>, Lynette Self <LSELF@coj.net>, Eric Shaw <Eric.Shaw@dep.state.fl.us>, Robert Shaw <bshaw@orlandosentinel.com>, Mike Sherberger <msherberger@gema.statega.us> 
cc
Subject
Fwd: Re: Fw: (DEM) Division of Emergency Management) Questions for Craig	

		






Note: forwarded message attached. 

  _____  

Want to be your own boss? Learn how on Yahoo! Small Business. 
----- Message from John Nooney <vendo5@yahoo.com> on Mon, 26 Jun 2006 09:42:36 -0700 (PDT) ----- 
To:
Wayne Ezell <wayne.ezell@jacksonville.com>, features@detnews.com, FEMA <fema-news-desk@dhs.gov>, Marti Davenport <mdavenport@detnews.com>, Dan Davis <DDAVIS@coj.net>, Don Davis <Don.Davis@myfloridahouse.gov>, Todd Davison <todd.davison@dhs.gov>, dcpitman@aol.com, David Decamp <david.decamp@jacksonville.com>, john delaney <jdelaney@unf.edu>, Denis&Francine <bikermama14@sympatico.ca>, Doreen DiCarlo <ddicarlo@ces.fau.edu>, Don Dingman <snole1@fdn.com>, donnie sing <dlsing@bellsouth.net>, John Draper <jdraper2@comcast.net>, raynancy dunn <nanray@pivot.net>, Connie Durand <connie.durand@brevardcounty.us>, duvaltaxpayers@googlegroups.com, Susan C Eastman <sceastman@folioweekly.com>, edgrey@comcast.net, kay ehas <kehas@coj.net>, Edward Eng <ejeng@engengineering.com>, Robin Engel <robin.engel@loukymetro.org>, sue carlson <sue.carlson@countygovt.brevard.fl.us>, Lisa Carlton <carlton.lisa.web@flsenate.gov>, Jennifer Carroll <Jennifer.Carroll@myfloridahouse.gov>, carter@carterbryangroup.com, cavuto@foxnews.com, cbs47news@ccjax.com, Carolyn Chatman <carolyn.chatman@mail.house.gov>, Richard Cheney <vice_president@whitehouse.gov>, cityc@coj.net, Mike Clark <mike.clark@jacksonville.com>, Richard Clark <rclark@coj.net>, Michael Clement <ktsman822@aol.com>, Tim Clower <timothy9314@yahoo.com>, comments@whitehouse.gov, commuter@detnews.com, mitch cooksey <tina3575@bellsouth.net>, Sharon Copeland <SCOPELAN@coj.net>, MIKE Corrigan <CORRIGAN@coj.net>, Ander Crenshaw <crenshaw.news@mail.house.gov>, John Crescimbeni <jrcjaxfl@aol.com>, criscoinc2@aol.com, James B Crooks <JBCROOKS@aol.com>, John Culbreth <Culbreth@coj.net>, Lad Daniels <LDANIELS@coj.net>, bhill@courier-journal.com, Mike Bianchi <mbianchi@orlandosentinel.com>, Mack Bissette <mbissette@srghomes.com>, Susan Bitting <fbrownsfan@aol.com>, biz@detnews.com, BobBill <tackleboxtiger@comcast.net>, bobby.fitzsimmons@ahlcorp.com, Ben Borda <Banthony.b.borda.JR@LRHOl.usace.army.mil/>, Bob Boteler <bboteler@msema.org>, Christopher Boyd <cboyd@orlandosentinel.com>, John Bozzo <john.bozzo@news-jrnl.com>, Brinson <chicnhawk95@msn.com>, Beverly Brooks <bbrooks@ccjax.com>, Elaine Brown <ELAINEB@coj.net>, Mickee Brown <mickee@jcci.org>, Philip Bruce <bruce@coj.net>, Cecil Brumley <cecil.brumley@news-jrnl.com>, Dan Burke <dan_burke@fws.gov>, Tiffany Busby <busbytl@bellsouth.net>, busey@smithhulsey.com, Jeb Bush <jeb.bush@myflorida.com>, Shirley Buterbaugh <shirley.buterbaugh@dhs.gov>, Ellen Call <ellen.call@loukymetro.org>, Jim Adams <jadams@danielcorp.com>, Julie Adams <julie.adams@loukymetro.org>, Laura Algeo <laura.algeo@dhs.gov>, Bob Ammiano <roone69@comcast.net>, amrivers@amrivers.org, JR Anderson <tattoojr1@aol.com>, Jess Anderton <jessanderton@gmail.com>, anne Keller <keller.anne@epa.gov>, Neil armingeon <narming@ju.edu>, Carolyn Artman <cartman@visitdetroit.com>, aschindler@folioweekly.com, aunt Mary <naum170@aol.com>, Marty Bahamonde <marty.bahamonde@dhs.gov>, James Bassham <jbassham@tnema.org>, tony bates <tonybates@juno.com>, david bauerlein <david.bauerlein@jacksonville.com>, Bruce Baughman <bruceb@ema.alabama.gov>, Aaron Bean <Aaron.Bean@myfloridahouse.gov>, Alison Bethel <abethel@detnews.com>, jane beville <JaneBeville@lovelace.com> 
Subject:
Fwd: Re: Fw: (DEM) Division of Emergency Management) Questions for Craig	

Somebody, Please help.

Note: forwarded message attached. 

  _____  

Want to be your own boss? Learn how on Yahoo! Small Business. 
--~--~---------~--~----~------------~-------~--~----~
You received this message because you are subscribed to the Google Groups "DuvalTaxpayers" group. 
To post to this group, send email to DuvalTaxpayers@googlegroups.com 
To unsubscribe from this group, send email to DuvalTaxpayers-unsubscribe@googlegroups.com 
For more options, visit this group at http://groups.google.com/group/DuvalTaxpayers 
-~----------~----~----~----~------~----~------~--~---

----- Message from John Nooney <vendo5@yahoo.com> on Mon, 26 Jun 2006 09:23:55 -0700 (PDT) ----- 
To:
Jeb Bush <jeb.bush@myflorida.com>, Richard Clark <rclark@coj.net>, vendo5@yahoo.com, FEMA <fema-news-desk@dhs.gov>, Craig Fugate <craig.fugate@dca.state.fl.us> 
Subject:
Fwd: Re: Fw: (DEM) Division of Emergency Management) Questions for Craig	

To the Honorable Richard Clark of the Jacksonville City Council, 
                                                                                            
                                                                                           I just heard this morning on 690 WOKV that you are holding a Public Forum out at the beach and the subject is emergency preparedness. I'm sorry that I hadn't heard about it sooner. Where else has it been advertised? 
   In any event I welcome the opportunity to participate. At the last Jacksonville City Council meeting I had the privilege of speaking to Chip Patterson and shared with him the benefits of the old Fuller Warren Bridge. He sees potential in its use as it relates to Public Safety. 
   Mr. Clark if you are serious about Hurricane Preparedness I hope you will forward this question on to Mr. Fugate but also expand the question to the other 9 Regions of FEMA. 
   Mr. R. David Paulison of FEMA needs to be made aware of the April 22, 2005 old Fuller Warren Bridge study. And news media outlets around the country need to respond. 
  Respectively submitted this 26 day of June 2006 by John Nooney   

Note: forwarded message attached. 

  _____  

Want to be your own boss? Learn how on Yahoo! Small Business. 
----- Message from Vicki.Morrison@dca.state.fl.us on Wed, 31 May 2006 12:40:35 -0400 ----- 
To:
vendo5@yahoo.com 
cc:
Craig.Fugate@dca.state.fl.us, Mike.Stone@dca.state.fl.us 
Subject:
Re: Fw: (DEM) Division of Emergency Management) Questions for Craig	


Dear Mr. Nooney: Thank you for your email to Governor Bush dated April 24, 2006. The Governor appreciates you taking the time to write. I apologize for the delay in responding to your email. By copy of this email I am asking that Mr. Fugate and/or Mike Stone, the Division of Emergency Management's Communications Director, get in touch with you at their earliest convenience to address your concerns. 

Again, thank you for taking the time to write. 

Vicki Morrison, Outreach Support
Department of Community Affairs
Office of Public Affairs
vicki.morrison@dca.state.fl.us
850/922-1815
http://www.dca.state.fl.us/fdcp/dcp/ 






To: "DCA \(E-mail\)" <ashley.holton@dca.state.fl.us>
From: "Governor Jeb Bush" <Jeb.Bush@MyFlorida.com>
Date: 04/24/2006 02:37PM
Subject: FW: (DEM) Division of Emergency Management) Questions for Craig

-----Original Message----- 
From: John Nooney [mailto:vendo5@yahoo.com] 
Sent: Sunday, April 23, 2006 9:30 AM 
To: Mary Hudak; Governor Jeb Bush 
Cc: vendo5@yahoo.com 
Subject: Fwd: (DEM) Division of Emergency Management) Questions for Craig 

Dear Mary and Governor Bush, 
                                           I have never had a response back from Mr. Fugate. I don't think its a bad question. We need help in Jacksonville. Would you be so kind to send somebody from outside of Jacksonville to render an opinion on this. Mr. Ken Burris, Please help. 
    Thank you in advance for any response back. 
                         
                                                                         Sincerely, 
                                                                         John Nooney 
                                                                                                            

Note: forwarded message attached. 
  _____  

Yahoo! Messenger with Voice. Make PC-to-Phone Calls to the US (and 30+ countries) for 2¢/min or less. 
----- Message from "John Nooney" <vendo5@yahoo.com> on Thu, 20 Oct 2005 05:06:22 -0400 ----- 
To:
"Fugate, Craig" <craig.fugate@dca.state.fl.us>,
   <vendo5@yahoo.com> 
Subject:
(DEM) Division of Emergency Management) Questions for Craig	


Dear Mr. Fugate, 
                       My name is John Nooney and I'm a resident of Jacksonville Florida. The city that played host for Super Bowl XXXIX. I'm emailing you today at the conclusion of the annual meeting taking place at the State Emergency Operations Center in Tallahassee and hoping that this email could become part of your 10am agenda and that part of the program called Questions for Craig. 
  From what I just read from the website the DEM annual meetings are designed to give county emergency managers an overview on the state operation and programs as well as an opportunity to meet individually with you and DEM staff. I can't make it personally today but do look forward to the opportunity of meeting you in person in the future. 
  Craig, my question I feel can not only be applied in Florida or the other 7 states in Region IV according to the FEMA website which include Ga, Al, Ky, Ms, NC, SC, and Tn. but can be applied to any state in the country as it relates to the use of existing DOT (Department of Transportation) structures for Public Safety. 
   Specifically in Jacksonville a situation currently presents itself.  The old Fuller Warren Bridge which is the I95 corridor through the city of Jacksonville that also happens to be adjacent to a hospital with a new helipad. This DOT structure also connects to the 310 miles of the St. Johns River an American Heritage River that connects to 11 other counties. 
  I haven't had an opportunity to speak with my area 3 coordinator yet and share with him or you the April 22,2005 old Fuller Warren Bridge study. But my question is 
    Are State Emergency Management  Partners seriously looking at existing DOT structures in renovated urban core areas as it relates to Public Safety? 
    Thank you for an opportunity to participate and looking forward to hearing from you. 
    Respectfully submitted by John Nooney 10/20/05 
8356 Bascom Rd. 
Jacksonville, Florida 32216 
904-721-3321 
    
  _____  

Yahoo! Music Unlimited - Access over 1 million songs. Try it free. 


Please note:  Florida has a very broad public records law.  Most written communications to or from state officials regarding state business are public records available to the public and media upon request.  Your e-mail communications may be subject to public disclosure. 

Please note:  Florida has a very broad public records law.  Most written communications to or from state officials regarding state business are public records available to the public and media upon request.  Your e-mail communications may be subject to public disclosure. 

Please note:  Florida has a very broad public records law.  Most written communications to or from state officials regarding state business are public records available to the public and media upon request.  Your e-mail communications may be subject to public disclosure. 



  _____  

Want to be your own boss? Learn how on Yahoo! Small Business. 
From:	Rcrdp325@aol.com
Sent:	Wednesday, July 5, 2006 1:17 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	George Laura And Jeb Bush

Think about the next election
From:	JSKALET@aol.com
Sent:	Wednesday, July 5, 2006 1:03 AM
To:	editor.letters@heraldtribune.com
Cc:	b.ardren@verizon.net; liz.babiarz@heraldtribune.com; lburke@longboatobserver.com; dcalabroe@floridataxwatch.org; michael.connelly@heraldtribune.com; tdukes@longboatobserver.com; eric.ernst@heraldtribune.com; larry.evans@heraldtribune.com; julia.glick@heraldtribune.com; ajohnson@jcpgroup.com; WKealing@aol.com; neal.peirce@heraldtribune.com; michael.scarcella@heraldtribune.com; maurice.tamman@heraldtribune.com; rthomston@sarasotaobserver.com; thomas.tryon@heraldtribune.com; jturcotte@floridataxwatch.org; lbwalsh@longboatobserver.com; mwalsh@longboatobserver.com; cathy.zollo@heraldtribune.com; Aronberg, Dave; Bennett, Michael (LEG); frederick.brummer@myfloridahouse.gov; Governor Jeb Bush; Carlton, Lisa; Clarke, Donna; Detert, Nancy; Brett@tg2006.com; Lt. Governor Toni Jennings; info@sarasotataxcollector.com; thomas.gallagher@myflorida.com; Galvano, Bill; Grant, Michael; luisguinart@sarasotaproperty.org; manateepoa@co.manatee.fl.us; jeffrey.kottkamp@myfloridahouse.org; Kreegel, Paige; jley@scgov.net; pmercier@scgov.net; Miller, Lesley; dmills@scgov.net; npatters@scgov.net; Peterman, Frank; Reagan, Ron; clkinfo@scgov.net; jseward@scgov.net; sstaub@scgov.net; appraiser@sarasotaproperty.org; exemptions@leepa.org
Subject:	LETTER TO THE EDITOR

XT DIS   THE NEXT DISASTER!        HURRICANE OR THE HOMESTEAD EXEMPTION?

 

As I read the Sarasota papers it seems ironic to me that the very office of the County that is saddled with the task of policing the Homestead Exemption now seems to be advertising for new applicants.   I suppose that it is important to notify “would be, legitimate, entitled, Homesteaders to the benefits of the Homestead Exemption and the corresponding “Save our Homes” Amendment but it seems to me that a far bigger issue for the Sarasota County Appraisers office is to do some policing and reduce the wide spread abuse of the Exemption by claimants who do not “in good faith make it his or her permanent home”.   The Sarasota county,  Homestead claimants must make application, asserting that they truly are a permanent Florida Resident, evidenced by things like tax returns, drivers license, voter registration, auto registration,  and current employment.  Other counties  require various documents like exemption withdrawals from other state’s of residence and statements from the owner(s) that they have not rented their property during the past 2 years.   In the Sarasota application they must also state their date of occupancy of the specific property and whether or not they got an exemption last year.  They do not need to state that they do not intend to rent their property but they do need to state that “they qualify under the statute for the Exemption and that they own and occupy the subject property.”  What the statute actually says is that the applicant must be a permanent Florida Resident and that they “in good faith occupy the property as their permanent residence.”  It also states that  “rental of an entire dwelling previously claimed to be a Homestead for tax purposes shall constitute the abandonment of said dwelling as a Homestead”,  however,  if the property is occupied by the claimant on January 1st but is later rented during that year they do not abandon the Homestead “ so long as this provision is not used for two consecutive years”   What that tells me is that a legitimate exemption claimant can rent a property after January 1st of the Exemption year but they can not do it two years in a row without sacrificing the Exemption.   I believe that it is this provision that is being totally ignored by the appraiser’s office.  The appraiser’s responsibility in the statute is to “examine each claim” and determine “accordance with law (the statute), marking the same approved and making the proper deductions on the tax books”   You might say, “what’s the big deal?”   The big deal is that millions of dollars of tax burden, county, schools, fire, hospital, water and emergency services is being transferred over to the part time resident owners when illegitimate claimants are getting a huge reduction on their tax bill.  The biggest reductions are coming from the “Save our Homes” amendment which limits annual increases on Homesteaded properties to only 3% or the CPI.  As the tax burden shifts to the honest taxpayer,  fewer and fewer properties make sense as investments or rentals,  reducing the number of properties available to house tourists who bring our County huge sales tax revenues and our businesses most of their sales revenue  The least expensive beach area properties now have a property tax burden over $4,000 a year,  20% over last year and they have total occupancy levels averaging about 20% of available days. What this means is that the owners will claim the exemption and not rent, try to sell their property, or claim the exemption and still rent.  It is the Homesteading claimant who is periodically renting their unit each year where I believe there is widespread fraud and the appraiser’s office needs to get enforcement engaged.  It is my opinion that this abuse of the rental prohibition in the statute, that calls for abandonment of the exemption on  properties rented for any amount of time in any two consecutive years,  is unchecked.  I believe this could be enforced easily in that every management company or renting condominium association files an individual taxpayer 1099 tax form with the Federal Government and the Florida Department of Revenue for each owners collected rental revenue each year.  They also collect, report and submit to the County Treasurer the sales tax collected on the rental income of the owner.  This record could simply be checked against the list of owners claiming the Homestead Exemption, identifying the tax evaders.   A few misdemeanor convictions, collection of taxes in arrears with interest and $5000 fines would drastically reduce the abuse..   Many beach area owners are now saving in excess of $10,000 a year by utilizing  the Homestead Exemption. I did my own little research study and found that about 18% of the roughly 500,  million dollar plus units at the Posh Siesta Key “Gulf and Bay Resort”  were paying property taxes as a permanent resident,  paying around $4,000 in taxes while their neighbors were paying around $14,000.  Give me a break!,  nowhere near 18% of owners of  beachfront properties like Gulf and Bay  “in good faith occupy the property as their permanent residence”.  Granted,  the legislature or the State Attorney General do need to more specifically define what “in good faith occupy the property” means.   If owners don’t need to lie on the Sarasota application that they “use the property as their permanent residence” and “that they don’t rent their properties”, they will continue to steal from the rest of us!   In defense of the Sarasota County Appraiser’s office,  it appears that there is no current staff available to enforce compliance with the Florida Statutes regarding the Homestead Exemption.  The Lee County appraiser has initiated a web-site anonymous fraud suspicion report for his constituents to assist the efforts of his office in eliminating this fraud.   I suggest to the Sarasota County appraiser’s office that they first obtain the supporting detail from the management companies collecting the rental taxes and compare it to the list of Homestead Exemption owners!  Recent articles in the Herald and other Florida newspapers have been focused on alleged frauds and abuses being owners of Homesteaded properties in more than one Florida county.  I think the multiple Florida property issue is dwarfed by the partial year Florida residents  who are claiming the exemption and don’t meet the criteria,  leaving the burden to the rest of us who are honest.

 

John T. Skalet

Siesta Key Property Owner

From:	Robert Conneilly <RConneil@tampabay.rr.com>
Sent:	Tuesday, July 4, 2006 10:31 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Removal of Crosses on Military Graves

Robert Conneilly
11286 Collingswood St.
Spring Hill, FL 34608


July 4, 2006

The Honorable Jeb Bush
Governor of Florida
The Capitol, 400 S. Monroe St.
Tallahassee, FL 32399-0001


Dear Governor Bush:

Dear Mr. Bush,

     I think that a law like that being passed would be more an example of 
"stifling" religious freedom, rather than encouraging it.  Wouldn't you 
agree? When a poll was taken regarding the elimination of the words; "In 
God We Trust" on our money, the results were pretty clear as to the 
"popularity" of that idea.  86% voted against the proposal, while 14% were 
in favor of the removal.  This country is based on that particular 
freedom. The Protestant Church was founded by people living in the 
"Colonies", who didn't want to be forced to follow Catholicism. Saying 
that we should hide our religious "Icons" would be an infringement on our 
very basic principles. Thanks for your time.

Sincerely,


Bob Conneilly
(352)684-3158


From:	Piotr Blass <pblass2002@yahoo.com>
Sent:	Tuesday, July 4, 2006 10:02 PM
To:	bishopmasters; Piotr Blass; Governor Jeb Bush; Max A Cerisier; Dan Clarke; Dr Cole; daniel.p.clarke@us.army.mil; Deric Davenport; davidlevy1@juno.com; davidpriede@yahoo.com; rich davis; dcf-osc@dcf.state.fl.us; DDenyer@orl.devry.edu; Alba De La Sierra; Bill demler; Melony L Dennis; djoyce@clarku.edu; Dottie; Jacek Drozdzynski; steve ellman; steve ellmann; EMullen@aol.com; Richard Enstice; Fawonu@aol.com; Charles Figley; GANNON.ANNE@myfloridahouse.com; blankygarcia@bellsouth.net; David Ginzburg; Haifagrl@aol.com; howardstern@yahoogroups.com; Brian Hubbard; Larry Hussey; isac; Robet H. Mouring IV; Hughes James-EJH005; jon@punklist.com; jweiss@ikp.com.pl; Mike Kamel; Cedric Ketter; Don Kiselewski; Staszek Klasa; Michal Kleiber; klein.ron.@webflsenate.gov; Kobarski; Dr Kovacs; David Ladd; Jeff Lang; Robert Langlands; John Lee; Leila; Sean S. Lennon; liam@mayron.net; senator Lieberman; Janek Litynski; M S Z
Subject:	happy fourth!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! also gates /buffett/ph d s in elected government

happy fourth!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
God bless you all!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

to protect the american people i propose that an oversight
group be formed to watch how the gates/bufett foundations
are managing the funds.
the combined wealth there may be up to 100 billion dollars.
a lot of it was made here in the usa
the american people deserve a chance how this money is
managed.
in particular domestic usa needs  must be recognized
alongside world wide needs and perhaps given some
priority.
i am hereby creating such an oversight  circle
if you wish to work with me 
please e mail me 
finally a physics ph d is chancellor in germany

how about electing a florida governor ph d
blass for governor 2006
let freedom ring!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
piotrek



DR PIOTR BLASS
WWW.PBLASS.COM
561 523 1701
From:	rarlcb@aol.com
Sent:	Tuesday, July 4, 2006 8:45 PM
To:	king.james.web@flsenate.gov
Cc:	Governor Jeb Bush; bdccd5@co.st-johns.fl.us; dave.darty@sjcpa.us; sjcpa@sjcpa.us
Subject:	TIMESHARE TAX  vs. REAL PROPERTY TAX  = INEQUITY

                                                                                                    Barbara Ravoli 
                                                                                                    The St. Augustine Beach & Tennis Resort
                                                                                                    3960 A1A So., Unit #709
                                                                                                    St. Augustine, Fl. 32080
                                                                                                    July 4, 2006
     Senator Jim King, jr.
     kingjames.web@flsenate.gov
 
     Dear Senator, 
 
     I live here at the Resort.  In this complex we have 121 units.  Of these 121 units, there are 53 timeshares and 68 wholly-owned.  They are interwoven, one attached to the other attached to the other. They were all built at the same time, with the same layouts.
 
     According to the St. Johns County Property Appraiser website (sjcpa@sjcpa.us ) the timeshare units market values are $ 50,000 - $60,000, depending on their layout.  Their market value has not changed since they were built in 1980. The exact same units , if wholly-owned, have been given a current market value of $225,000- $230,000.  Thus, they are assessed accordingly and the timeshare units are paying approximately one-fourth the tax that the wholly-owned units are paying ($1,000  vs. $4,000).  Their $1,000 tax is shared among 50 owners, unlike the wholly-owned units where 1 owner is responsible for a  $4,000 tax payment.  This is not the only complex in which timeshares have never been re-assessed for many years.   I, myself have come across an oceanfront complex of 48  timeshare units, on the county website that were built in 1984.  They are currently valued at $50,000 and $100,000.  I fully realize that timeshares may not have increased in value as much as real property (even though they  truly are real property they are not taxed as such under the current law), but this does not mean that their value has not increased at all in 25 years.
  
     Dave Darty, of the property appraisers office, informed me that because they are timeshares, there are no sales records to go by, and he needs "solid, verifiable evidence to support revaluation". He also advised me by email, that he had sent a letter to timeshare managers requesting this info, but it was voluntary on their part as to a reply.   If wholly-owned units are evaluated by the latest sales prices, why aren't the timeshare management companies required by law to report their "individual week" sales to the property appraiser?  Mr. Darty said that he had sent a letter to timeshare managers requesting this info, but it was voluntary on their part as to a reply.  Are these figures available from the timeshare regulatory agency?  Shouldn't they be sent to the county property appraisers' office on a regular basis?  If the availability of these figures is purely voluntary, shouldn't the law be changed to make their reporting mandatory?  After all, this is the computer age and fulfilling this requirement is easily practicable.
 
     Being that timeshares are regulated by State law, every county in the State must face the same dilemma as St. Johns when it comes to their revaluation.  Something is very wrong here.  Clearly the law must be corrected. 
 
     Why should every property owner in the state subsidize timeshares by paying a disproportionately higher amount in taxes?   We homeowners are being penalized by this failure of communication, seemingly due to an unfair law. 
  
    Since Florida, at times, has been called "the timeshare capital" of the U.S., a change in this law, I am sure, would greatly lessen the tax burden on all homeowners in the State, as well as increase State, County and Local government coffers. 
 
    I personally would appreciate it if this issue were brought to the attention of the other legislators for consideration.  I am also sure that a large majority of Floridians would agree with me .
 
 
                                                        Respectfully, 
 
                                                        Barbara Ravoli
From:	Brenda <fishmen4@cox.net>
Sent:	Tuesday, July 4, 2006 7:34 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	[*] 

Your fine governer.Think you for you service.
From:	dk <decay69@comcast.net>
Sent:	Tuesday, July 4, 2006 7:00 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	[*] Vehicles on the Beaches!

Dear Mr. Bush,

 

Vehicle’s over 600 pounds should be banned off all Florida Beaches!  I know you are leaving office but this should be added as law.  Back in the day, when there was no ATV’s, vehicles were a nice thing to have on the beach.  Now that there are ATV’s, that should be prohibited!

 

I am a proud American that owns two Jeep 4X4’s and I have never thought to take them on the beach; other then parking in a spot and walking to the beach.  My brother John Smolko owns two Polaris dealerships in TN.  Yes you do recognize the name; we have been loyal supporters of the Bush’s from way back.  Also, John was part of Ducks Unlimited, I won’t go into details but I think you should contact him.

 

Or you can contact any Polaris dealership; if they give you a hard time refer them to me.  You can replace all State off-road vehicles with ATV’s.  They cover lots of ground, they take less gas, and they are much cheaper then cars or trucks plus the maintance is cheap.

 

Your call Sir but vehicles’ running over people on the beach is bad for tourism!  Very bad!

 

Sincerely,

 

Derek Kirk

Avionics

Navair Depot Jacksonville

 

From:	Kathy Brino <kbrino@bigplanet.com>
Sent:	Tuesday, July 4, 2006 6:52 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Thanks!

What a brave and powerful message you have sent to lawyers whom I think have been  instrumental in the demise of this country.  Your efforts to address legal reform is certainly appreciated by all citizens.
Sincerely, Kathy Brino
From:	D. A. <dsa2591@hotmail.com>
Sent:	Tuesday, July 4, 2006 6:43 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Legislators voting for absent colleagues

Dear Governor,

OUTRAGEOUS!  I am from a very strong "good ole boy" state, and it is illegal 
for them to do this.  What the hell kind of government are you running?

This needs to be made illegal NOW!! I wonder just how many legislators have 
found themselves voting for bills they did not support, or wanted to abstain 
on?

In this day of technology, every legislator should have a password that has 
to be entered before they can vote.

I'm planning to leave Florida due to just this kind of corrupt government 
action.  Can't wait to get out of here.

Deborah Aldridge
5826 Gabo Road
North Port, FL  34287


From:	dk <decay69@comcast.net>
Sent:	Tuesday, July 4, 2006 6:04 PM
To:	dbpd1908@ci.daytona-beach.fl.us
Cc:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Officer Robert Augustynowski rides over a beach sunbather!!!!

Dear Daytona Beach Police,

 

I am very disappointed to hear that Officer Robert Augustynowski took his pickup truck and accidentally runs over a beach goer!  How do you do that exactly?  I am even more ashamed that he only got a ticket and fine.

 

If I were that girls Father, he and I would have a nice long talk at the end of my bat!  Then I would take my Jeep and run over him and see how he likes it!

 

This is my suggestion on how to eliminate these outrageous problems!  No vehicles over 600 pounds on beaches!  Those days of racing on the beach are over especially with the coming of ATV’s.

 

All Police and Rescue vehicules on beaches will be Polaris ATV’s!  They are American made and have the highest quality, plus they can go over the beach at high speeds and if they do run over someone it will be very minor.  Yes they do make Ambulance ATV’s!

 

Also, Cops would love to cruise the beach on a ATV versus a car or truck; it would give them so much more advantage in responding to emergencies.  I am going to copy Governor Jeb Bush on this as well.

 

Respectfully,

 

 

Derek Kirk

Avionics

Navair Depot Jacksonville

 

From:	ALL4LML@aol.com
Sent:	Tuesday, July 4, 2006 1:13 PM
To:	tboy1074@earthlink.net; afoclo@ev1.net; jbordelon1@houston.rr.com; Shylock102@aol.com; tacsrtx@hotmail.com; jdearing@houston.rr.com; dhayden@jackhenry.com; mecphm24@yahoo.com; jpe0206@swbell.net; SAHALLOWS@aol.com; MHGUNS55@msn.com; Governor Jeb Bush; jimbmacleod@yahoo.co.uk; kaczfam7@gmail.com; harold@thrifty.net; joycel@thrifty.net; LADYLOVE@CONSOLIDATED.NET; McDermottMJ@ieee.org; pcourtin@netzero.net; janettep@ev1.net; Donrab@aol.com; RJackson@sterlingchemicals.com; bstoughton1@houston.rr.com; TButler@sterlingchemicals.com; larryvac@dinipartners.com; Traf16@aol.com; Willie.Hunter@xerox.com; beaubuttons2002@yahoo.com
Subject:	Thank you

  
Today is a celebration of the gift of freedom given to all of the people in the United States of America, citizen or not.  I will not go into all the freedom's we have, because if you live here you are very well aware of them and if you have served in the service of this country you have helped to protect that freedom.  I send this e-mail to anyone and everyone who has served or has a family member who has served in any capacity to protect our rights to worship, play, or work as we choose.  Your gift is appreciated daily by those who do not even know you, but owe many thanks to you and I say to you "THANK YOU" for giving, 
 
Please pass this thanks (in your own words) to anyone you know, who may have served in the military or some other service that needs a simple thank you for all they have done or may be doing now.  Remember, many are serving us now as we are home enjoying the freedom we take so much for granted.
 
YB&SIC<><,
Alvin & Linda
From:	Jorge E. Calvo <jecalvo@bellsouth.net>
Sent:	Tuesday, July 4, 2006 12:42 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Cc:	District10@miamidade.gov; District12@miamidade.gov; District13@miamidade.gov; District5@miamidade.gov; District7@miamidade.gov; Tomas Regalado
Subject:	F.Y.I. : "Vamos a Cuba" controversy

F. Y. I. 

 

  _____  

From: Jorge E. Calvo [mailto:jecalvo@bellsouth.net] 
Sent: Monday, July 03, 2006 10:27 AM
To: 'ajbarrera@dadeschools.net'
Cc: TFiedler@herald.com
Subject: "Vamos a Cuba" controversy
Importance: High

 

Mr. Agustin J. Barrera

Chairman

Miami Dade School Board

 

Dear Mr. Barrera:

 

You have decided, despite legal advice to the contrary, to ban the book “Vamos a Cuba” for reasons that I am totally in agreement with. Unfortunately, in the U.S., as you know, anything that “smells” against the Freedom of Speech, as defined 200 years ago, is taken to a wacky extreme used by the news media and libertine people with total disregard of facts or  the sensitivity of a community.

 

First, I hope you have done your homework in preparing for this fight that you have chosen and not risk our community’s reputation as it happened with the Elian Gonzalez’s experience, from which we are still paying the price as a “radical community” that wants a system like the one in Cuba. Unfortunately, to understand our perspective, you have to have Cuban roots just like you have to be a Jew to fully understand the Holocaust, a black person to understand racism, etc … The ban of these types of  books has nothing to do with the dislikes or differences with Fidel Castro or Adolf Hitler.

 

Second, I believe we need to address the truly erroneous statements in the book i.e. “In Cuba the 26th of July is celebrated as a carnival”, etc… as the reasons for the ban or have it moved perhaps to the “fiction” section of the library for adults.

 

Third, we should require for the education of our children that books not only should be “Factual” but “Balanced”. Why should we accept in our schools, books that present smiling children at the Dachau camp, Darfur or Cuba, that provide an image of an incorrect state of life without a required factual balance ?. Sure, children smile everywhere, but if they are taken to Gas chambers, Starve to death or condemn to a life of slavery and without human rights, we, as a society, have the obligation of presenting to our children, that side as well. These types of books belong somewhere else where a mature mind can put into proper perspective.

 

Fourth, our constitutional right to free speech is a wonderful right that needs to be preserved at all cost, but hopefully your stand would help bring our definition of “Freedom of Speech” to the 21st Century and remind people that the other side of “Rights” is “Obligations”.

 

Fifth, someone needs to explain to Mr. Ingram of the School Board and Mr. Pitts of the Miami Herald, that the Cuban community, just like any other community, including the black community, have some criminal elements that use violence to express themselves, but as a community, it has an impeccable record for its law abiding citizens. And if they need proof, they should move to Los Angeles, New Orleans, Detroit, etc…

 

Finally, be prepared and good luck in your colossal fight !!!!!!

 

Respectfully submitted,

 

Jorge Calvo

Miami, Florida

 

From:	SensibleVentures@aol.com
Sent:	Tuesday, July 4, 2006 12:36 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Cc:	k_ashtech@yahoo.com
Subject:	Critical information on our Solar Energy Program. Please get to the President.

The US is currently making critical mistakes in our Solar Energy Program.

We took time out on the 4th of July to send out these emails. Please make sure you can take some time out to read this letter and  reply when you can. Your State and our Country is wasting lots of money and even more importantly limiting the pollution savings that we could be getting if we approached Solar Energy production in the manner described below. This will take Federal implementation across State lines to truly reach its full potential. If you could forward this to the President it may have a better chance of getting to him, and then on to The Department of Energy, and The Department of Environment. This letter is important enough that we would like to make sure you have received it. Please reply back that you have gotten it.

 

From the “New Freedom Project” and the research by Sensible Ventures, LLC.

 

Dear Mr. Bush                           July 4th, 2006

 

My name is Kevin Burk and I have been helping some engineers and computer programmers with groundbreaking research in many different industries. We have developed powerful imaging applications, a Seeing Aid, and many solutions for energy conservation and public safety. Our engineers understanding of psychics, electronics along with some of my research had us stumble across some profound flaws in our current solar energy program and the million solar home projects.

 

The following is a letter that must get to the intended party. If you are reading this on behalf of that intended party make sure you understand what it is we are proposing and get this in the hands of that person. Each day that goes by is another day that we all should have been heading down a different path in renewable energy production.

 

A team of researchers at Sensible Ventures has come across findings from years of research in the study of (time and space), and the exploration of the 4D planet. There will be much more work and studies needed to move forward but by combining our computer expertise, Internet application development, 40 years of engineering background by our founder, and some creative vision we have been able to design a much more efficient Solar Energy Program. 

 

 Some of the very Governors, Senators, and Congressmen that have gotten this letter have implemented some noble incentive programs for their citizens. Some of the energy and conservation advocates we are sending this letter to were the driving force for such programs and the advancements of technology and efficiencies in Photovoltaic cells. There are already millions that are seeking to do the right thing and install solar panels on their homes and office buildings to produce electricity in a clean manner.  We are not sure whether more people are doing this to reduce their future energy cost or to reduce pollution. We are also not sure if Federal and State governments have set up incentive programs to look like they are doing the right thing, to reduce our dependency on foreign oil, or to create jobs for their citizens.

 

The problem is, and it’s a big one, we need to rethink our current programs and in many cases put a halt to residential implementations of high costing, low power generating inefficient units. We need to look at this renewable energy problem as a Nation. That means allow State and Federal subsidies to continue for placing a Vermont residences election to do the right thing and protect the planet by putting his solar panel in one of 4 western States. Yes we know projects are under way with concentrated power plants but for the American citizen to feel like he is doing his or her part the $15,000 he was going to spend on a unit at his home should be converted to a co located solar panel or section of one of the parabolic mirrors at a much lower cost to deploy. We have our own solar invention that may improve upon any existing cost per kilowatt in existence today. The installation cost of a concentrated plant would be greatly reduced and the annual power return could increase by a factor as high as 4. Yes that’s 4 fold and that’s what we are missing out on each day we continue in the direction we are going. We could save 4 times more reduced burning of coal or natural gas. We could return up to 4 times the investment to each citizen for decades to come. That kind of improvement and the National approach or “movement” toward reducing our dependency on other forms of energy production will possibly tax our system with people in high rises, in New York, Maryland, Pennsylvania, Alaska, and all over understanding our 4D Logic and joining the ranks of the green pioneers and increasing our private investment into Solar Energy 100 fold. That influx of participants is a good problem to have and we will leave that to all of you to work out. Speaking about those Solar Pioneers it is our opinion that any previous incentive they got from the Government should not come into play if they want to do a “Solar Transfer” and do their part again. They didn’t throw their money away the first time; they could have just done it the more “Sensible Way”. This is a National Program potentially a global solution bigger than we will be able to handle ourselves. Everyone on our email list is going to have to work together to work it out. We agree with the President that its time American Ingenuity and our Industrial might shines again. No pun intended.

 

 

Here is the first draft of our letter that was just sent out by snail mail. It’s the Internet age so our 2nd letter has been combined with the first and will give you all you need to get the ball rolling.

 


Like the letter Leo Szilard prompted Albert Einstein to write to President Roosevelt in August of 1939 this document seeks to reach the President on matters of great importance in the current technologies and discoveries coming from a small group of engineers and visionaries. Unlike the attempt from Einstein that took years to move forward it is our hope that the New Freedom Project or Manhattan 2 as we call it can begin to make positive effects on health, public safety, security, and energy conservation. To that goal we release findings from our energy division on an innovative solution that could have profound effects on renewable energy sources.  


 


Sensible Ventures, LLC   (UTC 10:28:44.424, 05-29-06)


Inventive solutions in health, public safety, and energy conservation.

 

This is one of many groundbreaking technologies and discoveries being made by the inventors and engineers from Sensible Ventures working on the “New Freedom Project”. To learn more visit www.NewFreedomProject.com, www.Manhattan2.com, or www.SensibleVentures.com 

 

 

 

 


Solar Transfer       Co-located Power    


 

 

 

Years of research and a vision of the way things should be has brought Sensible Ventures and its engineers to the profound understanding of the inefficiencies of current renewable energy source power generation. Likely to forever change the direction of residential solar power generation our invention and copyrighted material will reshape the dynamics of Solar energy creation. Our business model and Solar Transfer process coupled with strategic energy production locations near heavy energy consuming cities will create the load or consumer base that can generate the ROI for customers in poor solar producing regions. If you or your company is intending to do the right thing and deploy low pollution renewable energy sources think twice before you make your decision on where to place the units. This ingenious concept of a multi state or multi country investment sharing by consumers across the nation allows someone in Pennsylvania who has a low solar energy factor in his region but still wants to take advantage of Federal tax incentives and State and Local subsidies for the reduction of fossil fuels to deploy his investment and contribution to the environment out in one of our nations high solar power producing zones. The advantages of such a system will be laid out below but basically rather than charging up expensive chemically polluting batteries with an inefficient solar panel the smarter choice would be to deploy a co-located solar panel or concentrated solar farm in the Nevada desert. This will generate peak power 1,000’s of miles away from your home with a lower total investment to you. With Federal understanding of the “brilliant” design you will still get the tax right off and still be making an indirect positive approach to reducing dependency on fossil fuels and lowering greenhouse gases. The only con or negative we can come up with is that your neighbors wont know you are doing the right thing and saving us all some of the effects of pollution. Our remedy for this is to have you put up a small wooden sign in your front yard or decal in your window that you can stick in the ground that will read “SolarTransfer.com” This will help us get the word out and show your dedication to the planet earth and a higher return on your energy investment. It is possible in addition to current Federal incentives the President and Congress will enact a form of energy bond that is a tax free investment into research and technology that can take financial donations and convert them to tax free purchases of sections of solar panels or mirrors.

 

Pros:

Centralized panels or concentrated solar technologies in high solar power generation zone

Lower transportation cost and truck pollution by building panels onsite.

A national sense of pride with donations to the environment and technology innovation

Elimination of chemical conversion loss because of not needing battery back ups for local units.

Lower pollution because the power goes directly to the grid and doesn’t use batteries.

Easier maintenance in dry environment.

More efficient localized cleaning and security.

Ability to deploy the highest efficiencies because of consistent light levels.

Greatly reduced installation cost.

No aftermarket cable runs. Piping or brackets needed.

No large panels on your roof collecting snow in the winter.

Electronic funds transfer of credits with no paper cost. What we call Solar Transfer credits.

Reduced energy cost ($billions!) for all because of lowered dependencies on fossil fuels!

Improved geopolitical climate because of regional power centers and less dependency on foreign oil

Lower pollution for every customer that buys a panel or mirror. The more that join up the less energy  Las Vegas or Los Angeles needs to burn or produce from fossil fuels.

West coast pollution which typically moves across the country would be lowered.

Shared revenue across all states in the program, spreading the savings across the country.

Millions more solar cells will be needed creating new markets and new jobs.

 

High-rises full of New York residents or Chicago consumers can join in and make a difference.

The influx of private dollars along with continued Federal incentives will pay for advance solar technologies and improved efficiencies.

 

Cons:

You may have to put a sign up to let your neighbors know your doing the right thing.

Residential solar power installers will have less work.

 

 

 

Spreadsheets of investment cost and the improved ROI using our system available upon request.

 

 

Straight talk.

Unfortunately a lot of people early into renewable energy production took the wrong path. We will need to find a way to compensate them for their pioneering spirit but going forward when you understand our logic there should almost never be an electricity generating solar panel placed in the north or in heavily cloudy regions. The money you would put into such a system would effectively be constantly losing value compared to our solution. This is no small task and energy companies, States, and the Federal Governments will certainly need to be involved. It sounds backwards but if you are in Rhode Island and you are researching getting a solar panel installed on your roof or in your backyard to reduce your energy cost and help the environment you would be much better off buying that panel or section of mirrors and placing your unit in New Mexico or Arizona. The reason this works is because you took the $6000 or more it would cost to deploy a local collector, battery, electrical lines, and venting etc and bought $6000 worth of high efficient PV cells or mirror space in the Arizona desert. Your $6000 pays you back in credits from the Phoenix region for reducing their cost to generate power with 40-50% efficient cells in a region that has twice as much sun power as your backyard. This would result in a 2-3 times more productive, lucrative power generation than if you would have spent the $6000 for a bulky collector in your backyard. The Federal government still gives you the tax credit even though your unit in not at your house and it would be foolish for them not to do so because the logic our engineers have come up with proves the inefficiencies of our current programs and that is the straight talk. We could have kept this technology secret longer but sometimes doing the right thing may require trusting your customers and government to stay loyal and embrace your technology. The millions or billions our system will save the world will surely financially reward all our investors and engineers that have put so much into this and other products and at the same time help the environment. We are willing to negotiate immediate licensing contracts with power companies, solar manufactures and with the help of Government Grants will see to it that our invention and business model continues to evolve to be the most efficient system possible. SolarTransfer.com , CoLocated Power.com the future is now and with the help from our local Congressmen and assistance from the President and Congress this model will be on the fast track to Nationwide implementation.

 

 

Copyrighted 2006 by Sensible Ventures, LLC.   email:    SensibleVentures@aol.com

From:	Larry Lander <llander@tampabay.rr.com>
Sent:	Tuesday, July 4, 2006 12:30 PM
To:	President George Bush
Cc:	Governor Jeb Bush; charlie.justive@myfloridahouse.gov; evertrice@myfloridahouse.gov; frankfarkas@myfloridahouse.gov; jones.dennis.web@flsenate.gov; Berfield, Kim; Waters, Leslie; Miller, Lesley; Sebesta, Jim; Howard Troxler
Subject:	Education USA

A REMINDER FOR THE 'SO-CALLED' EDUCATORS AND THOSE THAT CONTROL THE 
FUNDING...

1895 Eighth Grade Final Exam



Remember when our grandparents, great-grandparents, and such stated that 
they only had an 8th grade education?

This is the eighth-grade final exam from 1895 in Salina, KS, USA. It was 
taken from the original document on file at the Smokey Valley 
Genealogical Society and Library in Salina, KS, and reprinted by the 
Salina Journal.


8th GRADE FINAL EXAM


Grammar (Time, one hour)
1. Give nine rules for the use of Capital Letters.
2. Name the Parts of Speech and define those that have no Modifications.
3. Define Verse, Stanza and Paragraph.
4. What are the Principal Parts of a verb. Give Principal Parts of. lie, 
lay and run
5. Define Case, Illustrate each Case.
6. What is Punctuation? Give rules for principal marks of Punctuation.
7. Write a composition of about 150 words and show therein that you 
understand the practical use of the rules of grammar.


Arithmetic (Time, 1.25 hours)
1. Name and define the Fundamental Rules of Arithmetic.
2. A wagon box is 2 ft deep, 10 feet long, and 3 ft. wide. How many 
bushels of wheat will it hold?
3. If a load of wheat weighs 3942 lbs., what is it worth at 
50cts/bushel, deducting 1050lbs. for tare?
4. District No. 33 has a valuation of $35,000. What is the necessary 
levy to carry on a school seven months at $50 per month, and have $104 
for incidentals?
5. Find cost of 6720 lbs. coal at $6.00 per ton.
6. Find the interest of $512.60 for 8 months and 18 days at 7 percent.
7. What is the cost of 40 boards 12 inches wide and 16 ft. long at $20 
per meter?
8. Find bank discount on $300 for 90 days (no grace) at 10 percent.
9. What is the cost of a square farm at $15 per acre, the distance 
around which is 640 rods?
10. Write a Bank Check, a Promissory Note, and a Receipt.


U. S. History (Time, 45 minutes)
1. Give the epochs into which U. S. History is divided.
2. Give an account of the discovery of ?America by Columbus.
3. Relate the causes and results of the Revolutionary War.
4. Show the territorial growth of the United States.
5. Tell what you can of the history of Kansas.
6. Describe three of the most prominent battles of the Rebellion.
7. Who were the following: Morse, Whitney, Fulton, Bell , Lincoln, 
?Penn, and Howe?
8. Name events connected with the following dates: 1607, 1620, 1800, 
?1849, 1865.


Orthography (Time, one hour)
1. What is meant by the following: Alphabet, phonetic, orthography, 
etymology, syllabication?
2. What are elementary sounds? How classified?
3. What are the following, and give examples of each: Trigraph, sub 
vocals, diphthong, cognate letters, linguals?
4. Give four substitutes for caret 'u'.
5. Give two rules for spelling words with final 'e.' Name two exceptions 
under each rule.
6. Give two uses of silent letters in spelling. Illustrate each.
7. Define the following prefixes and use in connection with a word: ?bi, 
dis, mis, pre, semi, post, non, inter, mono, sup
8. Mark diacritically and divide into syllables the following, and name 
the sign that indicates the sound: card, ball, mercy, sir, odd, cell, 
rise, blood, fare, last.
9. Use the following correctly in sentences: cite, si te, sight, fane,
fain, feign, vane, vain, vein, raze, raise, rays.
10. Write 10 words frequently mispronounced and indicate pronunciation 
by use of diacritical marks and by syllabication.


Geography (Time, one hour)
1. What is climate? Upon what does climate depend?
2. How do you account for the extremes of climate in Kansas?
3. Of what use are rivers? Of what use is the ocean?
4. Describe the mountains of North America.
5. Name and describe the following: Monrovia, Odessa, Denver, Manitoba, 
Hecla, Yukon, St. Helena, Juan Fernandez, Aspinwall &Orinoco.
6. Name and locate the principal trade centers of the U.S.
7. Name all the republic s of Europe and give the capital of each.
8. Why is the Atlantic Coast colder than the Pacific in the same latitude?
9. Describe the process by which the water of the ocean returns to the 
sources of rivers.
10. Describe the movements of the earth. Give the inclination of the earth.



Also notice that the exam took five hours to complete.
Gives the saying "she/he only had an 8th grade education" a whole new 
meaning, doesn't it?

What happened to us? ??



From:	CRYSTAL BASLER <kitsue@verizon.net>
Sent:	Tuesday, July 4, 2006 11:51 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	On a business trip through Florida we were shocked

Importance:	High

Dear Governor Bush: 

 

During a Business Trip through Florida just north of Daytona Beach, the is a billboard that says “Women are the Center of the Home” picturing a woman sitting inside the house in a chair.  The billboard may have had the best of intent because I do feel like the Navaho that “Women are the center in which all things bloom” but the message this billboard projects is that women belong at home and not in business.  As women are the highest percentages of small business owners in the country (including my self) and many conferences are in Florida this billboard needs to come down or be redone as not to offend women or send the messages to people that women belong in the home only.  After all, is that not one of the things we are suppose to be doing in IRAQ and Afghanistan,  is to protect women’s right to be educated, vote, work and even own their own businesses without feeling intimated or threatened; the same should be true in the U.S.  Please have this billboard removed and any like it and replaced with positive messages about women.  Please let me know your action on this matter, thank you.  Crystal Basler

 

 

 

 

From:	Nancy Ashe <nancyashe@earthlink.net>
Sent:	Tuesday, July 4, 2006 11:38 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	URGENT:  Global Warming

The facts are in about global warming now and there is no denying that jus  some of  the devastating results are melting glaciers at a incredible speed, horrific large storms that Florida and the Gulf States have and will continually suffer from as the water gets hotter.It doesn't make any sense that this isn't a top priority for every government official including you.  The suffering and monetary costs of 2005 will continue for multiple decades and although the storms may be a natural pattern, the tremendous strengths can be reduced with human efforts.  U.S. Gas guzzlers and all of us that drive contribute  22% of the CO2 put into the earth's atmosphere. Make laws and put out readable information and guidelines.  Our state relies on tourism and we have become a scary place for many...not a good predictor of  a healthy economy  not to mention the destruction and devastation that at will be ongoing unless we work to reduce what we have done..
 
Please tell me you have been working on this.    Respectfully, Nancy Ashe 
 
 
 
Nancy Ashe
nancyashe@earthlink.net
EarthLink Revolves Around You.
 

From:	Hilmon Sorey <hilmon7@comcast.net>
Sent:	Tuesday, July 4, 2006 11:13 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Thank you

Governor Bush,

 

It has been a pleasure to serve as president of the Florida Black Business Investment Board for the past 4 ½ years.  I appreciate the opportunity to have served in your administration and as a member of your staff.  Florida has benefited from your leadership.  Please let me know if I can assist you in your future endeavors.  Thank you.

 

Respectfully,

 

Hilmon Sorey

5420 Whistler Drive

Tallahassee, FL  32317

850-385-5959 Home

850-933-4399 Cell

From:	LWEI1LWI2@aol.com
Sent:	Tuesday, July 4, 2006 11:04 AM
To:	john.rayson@copbfl.com
Cc:	Stephanie.bevill@browardschools.com; Marcia.Simmons@BrowardSchools.com; pat.crawley@comcast.net; earlean.smiley@browardschools.com; FishLeeJr@hotmail.com; frank@furmaninsurance.com; glenton.gilzean@fldoe.org; gregwarrick@msn.com; ask_the_sheriff@sheriff.org; John_lawless@sheriff.org; Feirmon.Johnson@djj.state.fl.us; rsm@floridacollections.com; garie.rose@browardschools.com; PhilipSchulte@bellsouth.net; justjohnny11@bellsouth.net; John_Nesteruk@Sheriff.org
Subject:	Thank you for being there for our kids at Pompano Elementary

Dear Mayor Rayson:
On behalf of Pompano Beach Elementary School and the Florida Education Fishing Foundation, a non-profit 501 (c) -3, we wish to express our gratitude for your being present at their graduation.  They are now Junior Anglers and have become familiar with the wonderful Hillsboro Inlet Park and Recreation Facility.  It was great that you availed yourself of the time to help them fish, too.  Your photographer having you be photographed with each of the twenty youngsters will be treasured by them in the years to come.  Our FEFF Team appreciated the fact that you delayed your fishing trip to Bimini in order to accommodate us.
We hope it didn't hamper the big catch when you arrived. 
Dr. Bob Parks is recuperating at home and Marsha, his secretary at the school board, mentioned he is doing great.  We all missed him, as he, too, gets with the kids on the dock and helps them untangle those lines.  In most instances, the children have never been fishing before. We teach them safety and the rudiments of fishing. It is experts like you Principal Garie Rose, Instructor Phil Schulte, Elks Bob Pastor and Ernie Lee Jr. whose teachings will make them great fishermen and instill the desire to learn more about the marine sciences and its environmental issues.  
Have an enjoyable summer and we hope you caught the big one at Bimini.  
Lynne Warrick, VP of Community Relations, FEFFynb 
From:	PHYLLIS HASKELL <phuxbridge@verizon.net>
Sent:	Friday, June 17, 2005 7:02 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	[*] Terri Schiavo

You really have gone above and beyond now!  I hope that all Floridians with brains circulate a petition to have your brain examined by CAT scan and the results released to each and every American.  Haven't you got enough to do down there?  You have perhaps the worst scandal regarding sex offenders and THE WORST child welfare program on record and you want to spend your time on a case that is for all intents and purposes dead and buried?!!!  Get a life and let other people get on with theirs!. You are a disgrace to your office.                     
From:	Gary Stanullwich <garyst@bellsouth.net>
Sent:	Tuesday, July 4, 2006 9:15 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Apology

jeb.bush :
 
              I am writing your office with the intent of  apologizing.
              Apologizing for the things that I said.
                    I shouldn't have said the things that I did,  it was  impolite, 
              and disrespectful of Mr. Bush,  and the office of the Governor.
 
 
                                                                     Gary Stanullwich 
From:	Kat Walsh <kat_walsh@hotmail.com>
Sent:	Tuesday, July 4, 2006 8:59 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	[*] Foreign Work/Study Program

Dear Gov. Bush,
 
You have been very helpful to me in the past, and I would like to know if you can help me with something that I would like to do in order to relinquish my Government (Social Security) benefits.  I have been receiving them almost 7 years now and feel I am ready to go back to work.
 
Back in February, 2006; I had inquired about the work/study program.  I would be very interested in learning a new trade in the Naples, Italy area; if possible.  
I would either like to teach English to the Italian people, or learn the cooking/culinary industry.
I have family and friends in this area of Italy, and it has always fascinated me the way they cook, and how many people that would like to learn English.
Is it possible I could obtain these skills in your program?
My name is Kathleen Jennings and I am 39 years old.  I currently reside in Winter Haven, Florida; and would like very much to become a productive worker again and have a decent job, or perhaps a government job in Italy.  I can speak English fluently, and currently Spanish and I am learning Italian.  I feel I could perhaps be an asset to The United States Embassy in Naples, Italy.
Please respond as soon as possible.  I will be turning 40 next month, and I DO want to start working again as soon as possible.
 
Thank you for your time in this matter.
 
Sincerely,

Kathleen Jennings
From:	EMTDawn <emtdawn@earthlink.net>
Sent:	Tuesday, July 4, 2006 8:46 AM
To:	Dara Herman; Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	MR. Govenor, please read this one!

And what are your thoughts. Maybe we should start passing them on to our 
government officials and let them know we are not stupid, and we believe it 
is long overdue for a change.

Perhaps they should all be out of office come the next election!  Not to say 
that I believe the Democrats are any better at this point. It's like hitting 
yourself in the head with a hammer.  It isn't the size that counts, but the 
force used behind the blow!  Hopefully, someone worth voting for will step 
up to the plate, but unfortunately every good President or hopeful we have 
had has been assassinated in the past.

I am really so tired of listening to these "politically correct" idiots. I 
was not raised prejudice but I find myself more and more prejudice against 
stupidity. This country was founded on free speech, freedom of religion and 
so much more.  I don't care if you worship Budah, if you are Catholic or a 
Jew.  But don't come in to this country, refuse to learn the language and 
then tell me and mine that I can't have "In God we trust" on our currency, 
prayer before a baseball game, or wish someone a Merry Christmas because I 
believe in Christ and they don't! There were businesses here that employees 
were actually threatened they would be fired if they said, Merry Christmas. 
They were instructed to say, "Happy Holiday".  Gosh, I love generic!

Our children and our grandchildren need structure and it shouldn't be left 
up to the schools to babysit a brat.  When they took a parents right to 
punish away without the threat of arrest, they created the worst mess 
conceivable in the history of our country.  Our educational system is a 
mess.. they have proven that Florida educational system teaches more about 
the FCat test then history, geography or english.  These young minds can 
whip out a song artist but ask them who a Soviet is and they have no clue 
here in Florida.  I believe it was Channel 8 that walked on our beaches here 
and interviewed 15 and 16 year olds who were asked questions about our 
history and who the soviets were and they couldn't answer!  They should 
change this entire education system. Fire the bad teachers, give the others 
a pay raise but make sure they are filling their contract and are teaching! 
You can only find that out if the children are learning and retaining.



 ----- Original Message ----- 
From: "Dara Herman" <daraherman@juno.com>
To: <emtdawn@earthlink.net>
Sent: Tuesday, July 04, 2006 12:59 AM
Subject: Re: [Hydro_Discussion] Cheapest gas in area


> Dear Dawn,
> Wasn't The Beatles who said "Do you want a revolution?"  In fact it was
> the name of one of their fabulous songs.  I am eager for a revolution
> that will change the present government.  I voted for a change in the
> last presidential election, but President Bush had it all sewn up.
> The Democrats must build a huge "steamroller party platform" that will
> flatten the opposite and have their candidates win.
> Then again, I am wondering if The Democratic Party is also bank rolled by
> the big gas companies?
> I am eager to drive a fuel efficient car again; whether it is diesel
> powered or recycled fuel or electric.
> On Fri, 28 Apr 2006 11:04:19 -0400 "EMTDawn" <emtdawn@earthlink.net>
> writes:
>> Dear Dara,
>> I am 64 years young, and remember back 40 years ago when my father
>> told me
>> that we had the ability to make cars then that could get 50+ miles
>> to the
>> gallon.  He actually was on the site of one of the cars that GM was
>> working
>> on in the 50's.  However, our oil magnets (or maggots...) have no
>> desire to
>> listen to "cheaper gas prices" or "cars getting 100mpg and funding
>> for this
>> type of thing got squished.  The more we purchase, the higher their
>> profits.
>> A sales clerk in one of the gas stations I was in yesterday (this
>> was after
>> a young man came in and asked "when are we going to get a break")
>> said,
>> "don't expect one soon as it isn't in the best interest of our
>> political
>> leaders who have their money ties to the oil industries. And, as far
>> as I'm
>> concerned he said, "we need to vote every idiot up in Washington out
>> of
>> office"!  He's right on the money, but unfortunately, there are more
>> idiots
>> to replace them..and "money rules"..  Our government is no longer
>> for the
>> people, by the people and of the people.  They promise you all the
>> words you
>> want to hear and then blame Congress or the Senate for killing the
>> bills.  I
>> can remember many times when someone would say, what this country
>> needs is a
>> revolution.  Now, I think I would join in one.  Have a great day.
>> Dawn
>> ----- Original Message ----- 
>> From: "Dara Herman" <daraherman@juno.com>
>> To: <emtdawn@earthlink.net>
>> Sent: Thursday, April 27, 2006 11:43 PM
>> Subject: Re: [Hydro_Discussion] Cheapest gas in area
>>
>>
>> > Dear Dawn,
>> > If all the environmentalists get together I am sure that we all
>> could
>> > establish an environmentally safe method for tackling this
>> problem.
>> > Sincerely,
>> > Dara H.
>> > On Wed, 26 Apr 2006 19:55:58 -0400 "EMTDawn"
>> <emtdawn@earthlink.net>
>> > writes:
>> >> Dara,
>> >> My son just went into business with a friend of his. That is what
>> >> they
>> >> bought the equipment for.. I guess they use waste oil from
>> >> McDonalds, well,
>> >> any business that gets rid of it.  They already have customers
>> lined
>> >> up.
>> >> Unfortunately, Paul and I wouldn't be able to use the electric
>> cars
>> >> for the
>> >> amount of driving we do and can't really afford to buy one of the
>> >> newer hi
>> >> breeds.  However, we use our bikes as much as possible when we
>> are
>> >> home.
>> >> Only problem is in the summer time it gets too hot to use them
>> after
>> >> 9
>> >> a.m...hahahaaa.
>> >> Thanks, you are a sweetheart.
>> >> Dawn
>> >> ----- Original Message ----- 
>> >> From: "Dara Herman" <daraherman@juno.com>
>> >> To: <emtdawn@earthlink.net>
>> >> Sent: Wednesday, April 26, 2006 12:51 AM
>> >> Subject: Re: [Hydro_Discussion] Cheapest gas in area
>> >>
>> >>
>> >> > Dear Dawn,
>> >> > Please don't apologize for your anger.  Most of this country
>> feel
>> >> the
>> >> > same way.  After that polling fiasco in Florida I make sure
>> that I
>> >> work
>> >> > the polls in our area, so that the tabulation is done correctly
>> >> and my
>> >> > husband and I want to drive  electric cars so that we won't be
>> >> using
>> >> > fuel.  As I mentioned, we are extremely proud of our daughter
>> >> driving
>> >> > that van which runs on recycled fuel.  If enough people agree
>> with
>> >> our
>> >> > attitude The Fuel companies will get our message.
>> >> > Stay well.
>> >> > Sincerely,
>> >> > Dara H.
>> >> >
>> >> >
>> >> >
>> >>
>> >>
>> >
>>
>>
>
> 

From:	tito sanchez <titotitoi2002@hotmail.com>
Sent:	Tuesday, July 4, 2006 8:46 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush; jeb@jeb.org
Cc:	titotitoi2002@hotmail.com
Subject:	Happy 4th of July 2006. Let the freedom bell ring
Attachments:	Bush-Shakedown-Colin-Powell-May-Flower.gif

Tuesday, July 04, 2006 click here please. [1] [2]

Dear PL 05 The Capitol 

400 South Monroe Street Tallahassee, FL 32399-0001 

 

Dear Honorable Governor Mr. John Ellis Bush I hope that you and the entire Bush family is having a safe and happy 4th of July 2006. Dear Governor in a separate case I thank you for forwarding the e-mail I send you related to the rodents I have in my kitchen vent click here please to the doh dept. Mr. Governor a very nice and knowledge gentlemen came to inspect my unit and he gave me instruction of how I could remove then. 

 

Sincerely David S. Souchay  : o ) 

P.O. Box 55-7903

Miami, Fl. 33255

Ps. Honorable Governor is you become my next president you have the liberty clic here to easedrop on my telephone conversations.

From:	vickit03@bellsouth.net
Sent:	Tuesday, July 4, 2006 7:49 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	[*] SUPPORTING H.R 503 End Horse Slaughtering in America

 
 
 Good morning .
 
I am  very strongly opposed to horse slaughter and I do hope that you support H.R 503. Slaughter is "not" Humane euthanasia as horses suffer on the way to and during slaughtering. 
 - Passage of the American Horse Slaughter Prevention Act will reduce animal suffering—hence its wide support throughout the equestrian and veterinary world, as well as the humane community.  
Americans overwhelmingly support an end to horse slaughter for human consumption (polls from Kentucky, Virginia, Texas and Utah show that 82, 74, 72 and 69 percent respectively of those questioned oppose the practice). In California, a 1998 ballot initiative (Prop. 6) banning horse slaughter for human consumption passed with 60 percent of the vote.
 
 Last year, three foreign-owned slaughter plants cruelly slaughtered more than 90,000 horses for human consumption in Europe and Asia. Tens of thousands more of America's horses were exported from the U.S. and slaughtered in other countries.
 
Please this has to end!!  
 
Sincerely,
 
Vicki C.Thomas
6149 Stillwater Ave
Cocoa,  FL  32927
Home phone: (321) 639-1679

 
			
From:	GOBAYODE@aol.com
Sent:	Tuesday, July 4, 2006 6:35 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	[*] Greetings!

Dear Governor Bush,
 
As the Governor of my favourite State in the United States, I couldn't resist sending you and all Floridans a wish for a happy holiday. 
 
One of the best thing that has happened to the world is America's independence.
 
Wishing you all a happy independence. I wish I could be there to celebrate with you.
 
Keep up the good work Jeb!
 
George Bayode.
From:	Joel305239@aol.com
Sent:	Tuesday, July 4, 2006 1:02 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	TELL PRES. BUSH HIS OIL COMPANY IS GOING DOWN!!! Here's Why...

  
My name is Joel Oliva and my basic fact about the oil industry is that President George W. Bush is going to loose the oil industry because of the following: I have invented an Auto Recharge Electric Car that reaches speeds of 300 Mph and 450 HP, Engineer Proven and never has to be plugged in or recharged because it recharges internally and it is not solar, the world is going to change and oil will not continue so tell him to sell immediately or he will loose Billions like the rest of them will loose very soon. I will proceed with advertisement and spread the word. I am not playing in any way, I don't have time joke around, Advise president bush that this is bigger than the war because this is bigger than anything else in the world and will affect the economy if he does not respond. My state is Florida, and if you think this is only one ideas then you will see that I have 23 ideas that are bigger than the Electric Car, Thank You for your time and hope to communicate with you, I will remain this confidential unless you do not respond, Joel Oliva August 21
 
 
 
 
"Its About Time"
From:	Mark Vander Lugt <mavl7@earthlink.net>
Sent:	Monday, July 3, 2006 11:58 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Concerned citizen of Florida and the U.S.A.

Recently I sent a letter detailing many of the problems of Florida,
including the ridiculous hikes in impact fees. Please look into the
following link that substantiates what I, and many other Floridians are now
saying. It is an article posted on the St. Petersburg Times:

http://www.sptimes.com/2005/06/19/Business/Price_tag_escalates_o.shtml

Wages are WAY too low. Affordable housing is not the only solution - wages
MUST be brought up to a respectable level. Housing is too costly. The
insurance debacle with Citizens is outrageous. Law enforcement MUST get a
handle on red light runners and tailgaters. Lives are being lost because of
the epidemic recklessness on the roads.

People will stop moving here - the word is getting out that Florida is NOT
affordable. The middle class is getting bled to death.

I started a business here, and now find that I work 12 hours a day to make
ends meet and pay all of Florida's licensing fees, occupational taxes,
corporate taxes, etc. As a result, I am taking my business, education and
job skills to a state where I can earn a decent living, own a decent house,
in a decent neighborhood, away from all the rednecks and all the non-English
speaking immigrants.

Whoever says, "We need illegal immigrants because it's good for the economy"
is completely missing the boat. Illegals get free medical aid, at the
expense of legal taxpayers. It costs this country billions of dollars in so
many ways. Some examples are reprogramming bank ATM's for English AND
Spanish. Printing Voters ballots in both English AND Spanish. (If one is to
vote in this country, they should speak, read and write English so as to be
able to stay current with events and make informed choices. Otherwise, the
illegals tend to vote for what is best for them, not what is best for the
country. In a democracy where the majority rules, it is imperative to be
careful about who becomes the majority.) And when hard-working, tax-paying
Americans like myself struggle because of the low wages in Florida, I have
less money to spend on products and services and that is NOT good for the
economy.

Those who say, "Illegals do the jobs that Americans are unwilling to do" are
flat out wrong. That statement is in-and-of-itself extremely offensive to
hard-working Americans who are having their jobs taken away and their
standard of living brought down by businesses that use illegals at $8 per
hour. The truth is that Americans are not willing to work for $8 per hour to
do work that clearly deserves higher pay. Those who say, "Illegals do the
jobs that Americans are unwilling to do" are often Latinos in favor of
what's good for Latinos, not what is good for the country, or, they are
lobbyists for the businesses looking to cut Americans out of the workforce
in favor of hiring cheap, illegals. And again, that is NOT good for the
long-term economic health of this nation.


Mark Vander Lugt
21072 Evanston Ave.
Port Charlotte, FL 33952

MAVL7@earthlink.net





From:	Jack Thompson <magiccity@comcast.net>
Sent:	Monday, July 3, 2006 11:56 PM
To:	russell@normkent.com; norm@normkent.com; Rodriguez, Raquel; Governor Jeb Bush
Cc:	ray reiser; hmc@bedellfirm.com; abb@esclaw.com; tboggs@flabar.org
Subject:	Alert to Jeb Bush:  Here's another chance to do  your job...

Dear Ms. Rodriguez, 
 
Maybe you can tell your client, Governor Bush, to do his job on this one, like with a special prosecutor.  Addressing racial discrepancies in Florida drug prosecutions would be a nice addition to the "Bush legacy," such as it is.

 


John B. Thompson, Attorney at Law

1172 South Dixie Hwy., Suite 111

Coral Gables, Florida 33146

305-666-4366

 

July 3, 2006

 

The Honorable Michael J. Satz

State Attorney, Seventeenth Judicial Circuit

600 Broward County Courthouse

201 SE Sixth Street, Suite 655

Ft. Lauderdale, Florida 33301

 

Re:  Admitted Drug Use by Ft. Lauderdale Attorney Norm Kent

 

Dear Mr. Satz:

 

Ft. Lauderdale Attorney Norm Kent has recently admitted, in two separate replies to a Request for Admissions, that he has consumed marijuana, without a medical prescription, since July 1, 2004, in a Broward Circuit Court case now before Circuit Court Judge Jeffrey Streitfeld, Case #CACE06006282.

 

Mr. Kent is a national director of NORML.  It is interesting to note that NORML complains in a study available on at http://www.njweedman.com/racist_laws.html on the Internet that African Americans are arrested for marijuana possession and sale in disproportionate numbers compared with  whites.  For example, the study shows that in Broward County, the ratio of black to white marijuana sale arrests has been by a whopping and disturbing ratio of 20:1!  Looks like race-based law enforcement (racial profiling) to me, and it does to others. 

 

I have a suggestion that will help ameliorate this racist imbalance.  Investigate  Mr. Kent for what he has admitted, in a court case, he does, and then bust him if you find he is doing what he says he does.  Mr. Kent is very visible in his marijuana use advocacy, and he is very white.  I believe any failure to do just that raises questions about the racial impartiality of your office.  I intend to make a very big deal about that if I need to.

 

Regards, Jack Thompson

 

Copy:  Florida and National NAACP

            Broward Sheriff Ken Jenne


Jack Thompson, Attorney
Land line: 305-666-4366, Cell: 305-588-3005
1172 South Dixie Hwy, Suite 111
Coral Gables, FL USA 33146  magiccity@comcast.net
 
 

From:	BbrumND@aol.com
Sent:	Monday, July 3, 2006 10:24 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Reform bills

Dear Governor Bush;
I read with great interest the reform bills you signed with regard to class action lawsuits. Instead of lowing the amounts and tightening the restrictions, why not set up a panel that would review the authenticity of a law suit.  The panel need not be elected, you could put a Business Person, a Union official, a lawyer, a judge etc.  There wouldn't be a lack of people, hey you could even put on Donald Trump.    Let's stop passing bills that favor only business, and the lobbyist they support. Why not be more level headed about these reform bills.  It's way past the time for some better judgement.
 
 
From:	Christopher MacNeil <cmmacneil@msn.com>
Sent:	Monday, July 3, 2006 9:58 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Cc:	cmmacneil@verizon.net
Subject:	A delayed thank you

Sir:
 
I e-mailed a message months ago about my outrage at the boot death camp of the 14-year-old child. I received an expected response of commitment by your state to fully investigate the death and, if warranted, to implement changes in the system that might have contributed to his death. I am unfortunately delinquent in responding to your move that eliminates the boot camp concept in favor of residential care, the latter which by definition requires greater over-sight. Thank you, Sir, for such a bold initiative that was, for many of us, more than we could have hoped for. Your move may well inspire other states to invest such a commitment to their own children.
 
Again, Gov. Bush, thank you.
 
Respectfully,
Christopher M. MacNeil      
 
Christopher M. - "Make me a channel of Thy Peace .."
From:	kai guo <guokai327@yahoo.com>
Sent:	Monday, July 3, 2006 9:38 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	I am a Chinese university student, I have a suggestion

Mr. Governor:
Thanks for reading my e-mail.
    I am a Chinese university student, majoring English. I like America. Some days ago, when I tried to find some information about your state and you, I found it is not easy to find its official website. So I made a website, www.worldgovernments.cn , for convenience of our people to visit its website.
There are some advantages of this website:
1.       To make people find the website of your state more easily, especially our foreigners.
2.       To propagandize your state, let more and more foreigners know your state, and attract our foreign tourists, then develop the economy of your state. And of course, to let us know more about America. I think it is good for your election.
3.       Because this website is made in two languages: English and Chinese, so it will attract more Chinese to visit your website, China has more than 100 millions people who usually on-line, so I am sure it is good for your state. 
The WorldGovernments is something like the Milliondollarhomepage, you can buy the lattices of it, put the ico of your state inside them, and people will visit your website through the ico you put in. Each lattice is $100, the more you buy, the ico of your website is more obvious, the more attractive. 
Please visit www.wordlgovernments.cn , it just take you a few minutes to see it. And if you decide to buy lattices of it, please send e-mail to me. Thank you very much.
                                                    GuoKai
                                                guokai327@yahoo.com

  _____  

Yahoo! Messenger with Voice. Make PC-to-Phone Calls to the US (and 30+ countries) for 2¢/min or less.
From:	Ednosey@aol.com
Sent:	Monday, July 3, 2006 9:05 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Mayor Louis J. Barletta

I am sure you are aware of Mayor Barletta and Hazleton, Pa.  I say Hooray, Hooray, a politician who is standing up for his town and not trying to be politically correct.  I only hope that the states will start taking the same kind of stand he is trying to take.  Forget Washington they don't seem to get anything done.  I truly feel for your brother the President, he has so much on his plate and I respect him, but maybe it is time for each state to take a stand like Mayor Barletta.  I am tired of making a business call and being asked if I want it in English or Spanish.  This is my country, so of course I want it in English.  My father was an immigrant, but immediately set out to learn the language, he felt that was his duty.
 
I propose, as a citizen of the US THAT WE IN FL. TRY TO PASS THE SAME KIND OF LEGISLATION THAT BARLETTA IS TRYING TO GET PASSED. MAKE ENGLISH THE OFFICIAL LANGUAGE AND PUNISH PEOPLE WHO EMPLOY OR RENT PROPERTY TO ILLEGAL IMMIGRANTS.
 
Thank you.....
 
Sincerely,
Theresa Guglicelli
From:	Donald Ruff <bulldog01@bellsouth.net>
Sent:	Monday, July 3, 2006 8:46 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush; Fraud Update
Subject:	Re: Your query to FraudUpdate.com

Your Right, "Best of Luck".  I contacted your Telephone HOTLINE, and was assured my allegation would be kept anonymous if I "Note the anonymous  request", yet I want to be involved with Fraud Investigation without the alleged "retallaliating severely".
 
Let me know the rules or Florida continues to finance the fraud. I am sure Sen. Bill Nelson will endorse this procedure as wll as Mr. Christ (Governor want to be)
 
Yours truely.  If Not....Forget my FRAUD allegation.  Tax payers will suffer.
 
----- Original Message ----- 

From: Fraud Update 
To: bulldog01@bellsouth.net 
Sent: Monday, July 03, 2006 2:12 PM
Subject: Your query to FraudUpdate.com

Mr. Ruff,
 

You posted your query related to Medicaid on FraudUpdate.com, which is operated by Florida State University and the St. Thomas University School of Law, but hopefully we can point you in the right direction.

 

The Florida Attorney General's Office has an internet intake form at this URL:

 

http://myfloridalegal.com/Contact.nsf/Contact?OpenForm&Section=Economic_Crimes

 

However, we believe that office would caution you that any information provided on that form could be a public record and, thus, might utlimately available to the target of an investigation.  Therefore, you might wish to consult the AG's office first by telephone.

 

The following link contains information about the AG's Medicaid hotline.

 

http://myfloridalegal.com/pages.nsf/4492d797dc0bd92f85256cb80055fb97/ebc480598bbf32d885256cc6005b54d1!OpenDocument

 

Best of luck in pursuing this matter.

 

 


  _____  




No virus found in this incoming message.
Checked by AVG Free Edition.
Version: 7.1.394 / Virus Database: 268.9.8/381 - Release Date: 7/3/2006


From:	James R White, Ph.D.,cpp <jwhitejr@nycap.rr.com>
Sent:	Monday, July 3, 2006 8:39 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	[*] US SPECIAL REPORT !

James R White, Ph.D.,cpp
P O Box 84
Sand Lake, NY 12153-0084


July 3, 2006

The Honorable Jeb Bush
Governor of Florida
The Capitol, 400 S. Monroe St.
Tallahassee, FL 32399-0001


 Governor Bush:

US SPECIAL REPORT !


James R. White, Jr., and Anthony S. Petti are public safety and security 
consultants who have combined 35 years of experience and research and 
written a new book, titled America, Wake Up!, which is designed to educate 
the average American on who can help prevent crime and terrorist attacks. 
America seems to think the police can prevent, however, this research 
shows that the police can not prevent because the before factor is not 
present. (PRWEB) July 16, 2005 -- The bombings in London on July 7 have 
brought back the memories of fear felt on September 11, 2001. Over 50 
victims were killed, and over 700 injured in the calculated acts of 
terror. Nobody knows for sure when terrorists will strike, and billions of 
dollars are being poured into homeland security to try and prevent these 
events from happening. It is an overwhelming task, due to the endless 
avenues terrorists can take to spread destruction. This new book homeland 
security could endorse and supply a grant, so every American could have a 
copy. James R. White, Jr., and Anthony S. Petti are public safety and 
security consultants who have combined 35 years of experience and research 
and written a new book, titled America, Wake Up!, which is designed to 
educate the average American on how they can help prevent crime and 
terrorist attacks.

Both Mr. White and Mr. Petti have worked in security positions in 
hospitals, shopping malls, schools, and large complexes during their 
careers, and have determined that many people have the wrong concept about 
who, and what can prevent a crime, and terrorist attack. In their book 
they describe how many people think that public police officers can 
prevent a crime or act of terror, when police are actually often not on 
the scene of a crime until after the event has occurred. They explain how 
the answer lies with placing more emphasis on having a strong security 
staff in place at all of these public facilities, and having a public that 
respects the professionalism and authority of these officers.

Terrorism is a topic that affects each and every one of us. America, Wake 
Up! is a valuable tool that will help you come to understand the 
challenges that we face in fighting terrorism, even general crime, and 
show you the respect that security personnel deserve in our battle. 
America, Wake Up! is published by American Book Publishing and is 
available at stores near you, and at a discount online at the Publisher 
Direct Bookstore&#8217;s website at http://www.irg-security.us Plus! Check 
out the http://www.irg-safety.us  Or go to the American Book Publishing of 
Utah USA at http://www.american-book.com    

 

What are you waiting for?  We don&#8217;t need more 
&#8220;body-bags&#8221; to know America is going to be hit again. 

 

Our research dates back to 1968. We know that the entity that can prevent 
crime and terrorist attacks on US soil does not, have the tools they need 
to do their job! We have the proof! It&#8217;s in our new book!

 

I just hope nobody in your loving family become the next 
&#8220;Body-Bags&#8221; especially if our new book could have prevented it!


Sincerely,


James R White, Ph.D.,cpp
518-326-3058


From:	lbfrog03@bellsouth.net
Sent:	Monday, July 3, 2006 8:12 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Cc:	lbfrog03@bellsouth.net
Subject:	[*] 

Importance:	High

Dear Govenor,
  Hi it's Laurabeth again. I'm writing again to let you know that Tim slept at the Salvation Army shelter last night and I believe he's there again tonight. You are our only hope, to stop my disabled son from being homeless. And to hopefully get him into some kind of home/help. I pleed again with you sir, please help us, as my son really needs and deserves so much better. After all he didn't ask to be disabled or homeless, any more than he wanted to be failed by the state and it's programs.
 I anxiously look foward to your response.
Sincerely,
Laurabeth Whistler


From:	Biasilcom@aol.com
Sent:	Monday, July 3, 2006 7:58 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Re: Governor Jeb Bush's IN THE NEWS... Friday, June 30, 2006

God's blessings for all of you.
Sincerely,BiaComstock
From:	WHCDCI@aol.com
Sent:	Monday, July 3, 2006 6:16 PM
To:	pcahoon@crosministries.org; gcdc@bellsouth.net; gladesinitiative@earthlink.net; PahokeeChamber@aol.com; PahokeeHarvest@aol.com; projecthopepbc@yahoo.com; carolinalp@farmworkercouncil.org; milagros.cerrud@dhs.gov; keith.denning@dhs.gov; kbabb@co.palm-beach.fl.us; MALACHITE143@aol.com; clarsen@psd.co.palm-beach.fl.us; katrina_wright@fanniemae.com; robinsob@pbcc.edu; lewise@southbaycity.com; htate@belleglade-FL.com; FINDStan@aol.com; grant.donna.s39@flsenate.gov; JHale123@aol.com; jana.sterling@vfffund.org; sunzaragoza@yahoo.com; Jlantigua7@aol.com; llatimore@bellsouth.net; dlonghur@sfwmd.gov; familypower@bellsouth.net; rharvin@co.palm-beach.fl.us; peggy_Gustave@billnelson.senate.gov; FINDJody@aol.com; dgreen@pbcalliance.com; Keith.Denning@dhs.gov; frank.perez@dca.state.fl.us; jhtatum@psd.co.palm-beach.fl.us; jvanarna@co.palm-beach.fl.us; katiedodd@hotmail.com; blakeneym@redcross-pbc.org; otartakow@jfcspb.org; pgandhi@co.palm-beach.fl.us; sheritaylor@unitedwaypbc.org; SusanOwenGlaser@aol.com; Wenniem@aol.com
Cc:	david.goldenberg@mail.house.gov; willie.miller@myfloridahouse.gov; Governor Jeb Bush; lremaly@churchworldservice.org; FLORIDA.DISASTER@dca.state.fl.us
Subject:	GART Meeting - July 21, 2006
Attachments:	gartAgendafor072106.doc

To all members and GART supporters:
 
The next Glades Area Recovery Team (GART) monthly meeting will be held at St. Mary's Catholic Church, 1200 East Main Street, Pahokee, Florida, 12:00 - 2:00 p.m.
 
As we move into this hurricane season, GART is being proactive in focusing on Rebuild Glades.  It has been challenging yet we are making progress.  Hopefully, more people will be better prepared this season and in the event we have a tri-peat, we know that we will be ready.
 
Please find the agenda attached.  Topics of discussion will include an update of GART monthly activities.
 
We welcome and thank all of the new members and supporters to date and hope to see you next month.
 
Refreshments will be served.
 
 
Truly,
 
Dr. Sheila L. Chamberlain
Chair, GART
561-992-5854
 
 
From:	bobbennett88@netzero.net
Sent:	Monday, July 3, 2006 6:13 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Fw: Illegal Aliens



---------- Forwarded Message ----------


Thank you for the hard work you do for the community.  I'm glad the illegal alien invasion is getting some attention from our gov't officials.  I think this issue needs to be worked on at all levels of gov't and we all need to do what we can to discourage such behavior.  I think the notion that everyone has to come to America in order to have a good life should be re-thinked.  People every where should be working in their own country to improve their living conditions and leaving a suitable environment for future generations.  

       I don't like what I see going on in my country and the city of Orlando in which I've lived for 37 years,  I think we are being hijacked by foreigners at all levels of society.  At my level I think my personal economy and pursuit of happiness is being affected by higher rent, higher auto insurance premiums,  clogged roads,  garbage thrown about town willynilly, and alot of foreigners who do not respect our laws and way of life.  I really don't appreciate those who are here mucking up our culture as we have known it,  and I think the majority of them are here illegaly and certainly should not be benefactors of our tax dollars.

      Item# 2:  Our law enforcement officers are always being "re-educated"  on how to pursue and arrest law breakers.  I think an effort should be made to educate the public on how to behave and respond when facing pusuit, questioning or arrest.

                                                       Sincerely,  Bob

From:	Chester Lee McWhorter <alarictgoth@gowebco.com>
Sent:	Monday, July 3, 2006 6:05 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Cc:	Joyce Valentino
Subject:	The 6 pack of bills.

Dear Governor Bush; Thank God you are ours. Chet.
FSI, DEO VINDICE
From:	Jackie Finke <Jedfinke@aol.com>
Sent:	Monday, July 3, 2006 5:51 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Thank You for making up our mind.

Jackie Finke
8341 81st. Street N
Seminole, FL 33777-3627


July 3, 2006

The Honorable Jeb Bush
Governor of Florida
The Capitol, 400 S. Monroe St.
Tallahassee, FL 32399-0001


Dear Governor Bush:

I'm not complaining, no use to after 36 years..........  We are looking 
forward to moving to Tennessee. Even our Naval Ac. graduate Son does not 
want to live here in Florida

Sincerely,


Jackie Finke
in the book


From:	Lowergwyneddgop@aol.com
Sent:	Monday, July 3, 2006 5:10 PM
To:	president@whitehouse.gov; vice.president@whitehouse.gov
Subject:	Hungary

Thank you for your comments concerning the Freedom Fighters in Budapest some 50 years ago.  It is unclear what our government schools are teaching our young, but few seem to have any understanding of the sacrifices that have been made in the cause of freedom.  
E. F. Jones
 
From:	John J Meyer <johanjj@juno.com>
Sent:	Monday, July 3, 2006 4:40 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Two brothers

Dear Governor Bush,

How is it that two governments run by two brothers, who happen to be
ideological allies can be of two completely different minds? The one is
fighting a war in Iraq and Afghanistan and the other one has created a
dictatorship in our Florida school system.  I can prove every statement I
made in this E-mail, because you are a representative for the people you
own an explanation to our students and those who teach in the State of
Florida. 

The Jeb Bush administrations Home Rule has become a bad piece of
legislation that made it possible for Dr. Clinton Wright Superintendent
of the Lake Wales Charter School to dismissed 20 teachers and 7
paraprofessional in an anti democratic manner without given an
explanation. If a teacher explores a charter schools decision you are out
of the gate, why? An opinion poll by the local newspaper The Ledger shows
that 77% of Lake Wales consider it a wrongful dismissal. See Charter
attachment or sign across from Sears on Highway 27. 

Dr. Wright dismissed me for a difference of opinion. How close can you
get to a dictatorship? 

Principal D’Angelo has been dismissed as a principle of the Kathleen High
school by the Polk County School Board for exploring the idea of
converting the high school into a charter school by a local judge! 

The University of Southern Florida approved Professor All-Arian private
fund raising campaign for political reasons. Professor All-Arian had the
power to fail students when not donating to his fund raising campaign and
visa furze. Allowing private fund raising in a public school has become a
serious educational problem. 

I have been dismissed from teaching an adult electrical class for a
difference of opinion or not donating to a private fund raising campaign,
why? The motivator of the campaign did not feel the need to donate
himself.  The campaign has been performed in an illegal matter (school
board regulation 60X53-8, 004 (C)) however approved by the Polk County
School Board for political reason. I have not only been discriminated
against but also harassed, humiliated for all school employees and
students to see. When I came back from summer vacation I found all my
study material placed in boxes in the hallway. The hard drive had been
take out of the school computer with my prepared lessons to start the
second semester. This is a violation of 447,501 (1) (a) and (b) of
Florida Status (2004)’1, Pursuant to section 447,503(20). My civil rights
have been violated by the Polk County School Board for not following due
process, see harassment attachment.

No body should have to accept this type of abuse in a Florida Public
School System regardless of the “Florida Home Rule“. I constantly
received pledge forms in my school mailbox including one illegally placed
in my home mailbox. I kept on teaching under those absurd circumstances
for 6 month. It ended with a dismissal for a difference of opinion in the
middle of a semester.

The Florida Home Rule could be a good law, however in Polk County it has
become an open door policy for misuse of rank. I have prove that the Polk
County School Board has created an anti democratic school system for
political gain and our local politicians and our county justice system
are following in the same track. Local Florida attorneys are not willing
to look into a “Florida Home Rule“ problem nor do our Local Senators and
Representatives willing to give representation, why? Governor Jeb Bush
claims in writing that he is powerless to look into that matter, why?

Every American Citizen has the right to receive a hearing in a conflict.
I received a letter from Manuel Zurita Director of the EEOC in Tampa. The
EEOC is refusing to give me a hearing or an explanation on Charge No. 152
2005 00756 and telling me that a new lawsuit would be time barred, why?
The EEOC is by their action failing their mission to promote educational
excellence throughout the nation!   

According to Glenda Hood, Florida’s Secretary of State: Florida is an
"employment at-will" state. An employer can terminate an employee for any
reason, at any time, without advance notification so long as there is no
violation of federal or state law, (11.242, Chapter 11). Completely
ignored by the Polk County school system, why? 

On March 12, 2002, Mr. Bob Butterworth one of Florida Attorney Generals
made a statement that Florida would possess zero tolerance for
discrimination.  

I donated my time to train minorities and women to pass a mechanics test.
On August 17, 2005, School Board Attorney Deming Cowles wrote to me that
the school “can dismiss you for you’ re [sic] ethnic background....’ no
explanation needed “. Can't you see that this has been eating me alive? 

May 15, 2002, is the day that President Bush signed into law the Federal
(No FEAR) Act to increase federal agency accountability against
Discrimination and Retaliation. The Polk County School Board is ignoring
those laws,

Friday, May 5th, 2006, the day that the Florida Legislature gave final
approval to House Bill 1123, the "Government Accountability Act." The
Polk County School Board has been ignoring your laws, why? We should be
entitled to an explanation by our Senators and Representatives in the
State of Florida. 

Sincerely yours,
John Meyer
404 Whitman Rd.
Winter Haven Fl. 33884















From:	KEVIN HICKLING <kevin_hickling@hotmail.com>
Sent:	Monday, July 3, 2006 4:53 PM
To:	debra.wise@kidscentralinc.org
Cc:	Connie Pierre-Antoine; Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Fingerprints for Home study

Importance:	High

Ms. Wise,
 
We have been referred to contact you by Bobby Brown. I would like to let you know the extreme displeasure that we have sustained through the services of fingerprinting for our home study. My wife and I had a homestudy done by Ms. Connie Pierre Antoine at the beginning of May at which time both Debra and I had our finger prints taken. We were told that the results would not be able to be checked until 10 days later. When we had followed up late in May we found that my prints had cleared but Debra's had not been received. We made a call to have Debra's finger prints taken again only to be told by the Tavares office (Nancy Higgins) that the prints could be sent again and that the process did not have to be done again. At that point Debra's mom (Joanne Ingersoll) had her prints taken as a person who could watch children in our absence. In early June we were told that once again Debra's fingerprints had not been received. I contacted Nancy Higgins and she told me that she was never told to resend them by Connie. I contacted Connie and she told me that she had told Nancy to send the prints again. At this point we offered to have Debra re-printed but were told by Nancy that it was not necessary and she would (upon having Connie tell her) send the prints out. We heard from Rita Albert (July 3rd) who had told Debra that she was able to see that my prints (Kevin) were received with an approval letter May 4th. She also had Joanne Ingersoll's letter of approval received June 6. And once again we were told that Debra's prints did not exist in the system. We attempted to contact the Tavares office today to have Debra fingerprinted, but no one was able to answer their phones. We would like Debra re-printed ASAP and for the remained of our Home Study process to be expedited a lot smoother than the initial process. We have been waiting for over two months for fingerprints. Debra and I (Kevin) both work for the School Board and have fingerprints on record and know that there is no reason why such delays are happening. If this process had of been handled correctly the results should have been completed (May 4th). We find this inexcusable. Please contact us to help resolve this matter.
 
Thank you,
 
Kevin & Debra Hickling
(352) 589-4419
 
cc. Connie Pierre Antoine, Gov. Jeb Bush
From:	GLYSSEL SANABRIA <glyssel@msn.com>
Sent:	Monday, July 3, 2006 3:28 PM
To:	Congressman Jim Davis
Cc:	Jose Antonio Santiago; Jose Nikar Santiago; jose.santiago22; J0eRican; Kayla Perkins; Governor Jeb Bush; Glyselita; RUBEN; gg@delta.com
Subject:	H.R. 2115
Attachments:	mmlogo5.gif

Honorable Jim Davis,

Re. Delta Airline lack of compliance for H.R. 2115

I need to bring an issue to your attention that is not only affecting my family but many others military parents and families. My son is getting ready to be deployed to Iraq and he was given 2 weeks to spend with his family. The army does not paid for his transportation, and I understand that. But it is my understanding that airlines should comply with H.R. 2115. Today I did my homework and that is the reason I am writing you today. As the congressman which represents my interest in the USA, I think is necessary for you to be aware that some airlines are refusing to comply with the H.R. 2115.

Today I Searched the internet for the lowest airfare before contacting Delta Airlines. Military airfares are not accessible on the internet; but I wanted to have the necessary information to quote the lowest airfare. Delta Airlines refused to honor the fare. The call was escalated and I explained what I was expecting from the airline, just to comply and honor the Sense of Congress resolution H.R. 2115.  Our men and women in uniform deserve fundamental fair treatment and should not be forced to pay higher ticketed airfare because of their unpredictable deployment and leave schedules.

Hoping some action can be taken,

 Sincerely

Glyssel Sanabria-Oliver 

 



From:	Zeitzproperties@aol.com
Sent:	Monday, July 3, 2006 3:21 PM
To:	CSchwa4165@aol.com; MBerman514@aol.com; Governor Jeb Bush; Thomas.hahn@verizon.net
Subject:	Fwd: Condo Association Insurance[Service Request Number:1-[REDACTED]]
Attachments:	Condo Association Insurance[Service Request Number:1-[REDACTED]]

The attached letter was received a few minutes ago(3:23PM). Since the building office closes @4PM, I will bring this letter to the buildings attention on Wednesday AM, and hopefully they will take some action on this.
 
Wishing you all a happy, safe 4th. of July!
 
Steve
 
Stephen G. Zeitz, President
Zeitz Properties, Inc.
5555 Collins Ave. Suite 4-S
Miami Beach, Florida 33140-2418
Tel.-305-865-4511
Fax.305-865-4512
E-mail- Zeitzproperties@aol.com
From:	Lisa Chandler <LChandler@ProvidenceHomesInc.com>
Sent:	Monday, July 3, 2006 2:38 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	H.R. 5558

Dear Governor Bush, 

On behalf of Providence Homes, Inc. I am asking you to support H.R. 5558, the Stormwater Enforcement and Permitting Act, by adding your name as a cosponsor to the legislation. As a homebuilder, and constituent in your congressional district we feel very strongly that you should support this act. If you have any questions please feel free to contact me at 904-262-9898. Thank you for your attention to this matter.  

 
Lisa Chandler
Receptionist
PROVIDENCE HOMES, Inc.
(904) 262-9898 ext 300
(904) 262-9861 (facsimile)
 
"We've Got the Keys to Your New Home!"

 
 
 
From:	Jim82538@aol.com
Sent:	Monday, July 3, 2006 2:32 PM
To:	President@whitehouse.gov; vice.president@whitehouse.gov; Governor Jeb Bush; voanews@voanews.com; argenziano.nancy.web@flsenate.gov; Aronberg, Dave; Atwater, Jeff; Bennett, Michael (LEG); Bullard, Larcenia; cambell.walter.web@flsenate.gov; clary.charlie.web@flsenate.gov; Constantine, Lee; cowin.anna.web@flsenate.gov; Dawson, Mandy; dockery.paula.web@flsenate.gov; Fasano, Mike; Garcia, Rudy; Geller, Steven; haridopolos.mike.web@flsenate.gov; hill.anthony.web@flsenate.gov; jones.dennis.web@flsenate.gov; king.james.web@flsenate.gov; Lawson, Alfred; lee.tom.web@flsenate.gov; Margolis, Gwen; Peaden, Durell; Diaz de la Portilla, Alex; Posey, Bill; Saunders, Burt; schultz.debbie.web@flsenate.gov; Siplin, Gary; villalobus.alex.web@flsenate.gov; Wilson, Frederica; Wise, Steve
Subject:	Why I wont vote for Charlie Crist

  The fact is that Charlie Crist is the only Republican running for Governor who has a pro-choice voting record. As a State Senator, Charlie Crist cast the deciding vote blocking a 24-hour waiting period for women seeking abortions in Florida and worked to water-down another provision requiring informed consent. Today, as a candidate for Governor, Charlie Crist has said he continues to oppose a 24-hour waiting period, supports Roe v. Wade as the law of the land, and promises that he will not enact any laws to limit the number of abortions in our state. 
Sincerely,
Jim and Susan Cline
Key Largo, FL
PS We only vote prolife
From:	Feuchs@aol.com
Sent:	Monday, July 3, 2006 1:34 PM
To:	wjrodgers@tampatrib.com
Cc:	Hasner, Adam; rfedrizzi@usgbc.org; alexandra_clough@pbpost.com; Bense, Allan; aronber.dave.web@flsenate.gov; baaronso@co.palm-beach.fl.us; byoung@seattletimes.com; chancellor@flbog.org; Scholz, Diane; dweil@floridabiz.com; afins@sun-sentinel.com; herelle@miamidade.gov; holly_duquette@fpl.com; info@100ideas.org; info@cleanenergy.org; info@nanosolar.com; Governor Jeb Bush; kathy_schmitt@fpl.com; klein.ron.web@flsenate.gov; Edgar, Lisa; LKeever@Floridatrend.com; mayor@miamidade.gov; pfairey@fsec.ucf.edu; rbenash@eflorida.com; skarle@usgbc.org; southflorida@bizjournals.com; steve.auger@floridahousing.org; tballing@psc.state.fl.us; tfiedler@herald.com
Subject:	Your article: The Sunshine State's Potential for Power
Attachments:	Solar Bldg..jpg; Trio- NYC.doc

Will Rodgers, Tampa Tribune
 
Florida is 30 years behind California in the issue of energy conservation and exploiting renewable energy. Californians use about the same energy per capita in 1976, as they do today. In Florida, we use 50% more. California has a mandate to supply 20% of its energy from renewables by 2020 and offers $3 billion in solar rebates to meet that objective. California will require that developers building 25 units and more MUST offer solar technology. I requested the Florida PSC to make public this disparity. They declined.
 
In Florida, the Sunshine State, solar is not being exploited as in other states. Instead, the 2006 Florida Energy Act makes it easier for utilities to build new coal burning power plants (the world's largest polluters) with Floridians having to pay for their construction. If instead, the billions that will be spent on these new polluting plants were spent to subsidize the assembly of solar "Mini-Power Stations" integral with new construction, building owners could "sell" energy to the state's energy companies, and get a check in the mail instead of a bill. This is happening today, but needs to become common. Such a  program could be implemented, if it weren't for Florida politics.
 
Florida's $1.1 billion for new school construction could integrate PV technology and save taxpayers tens of millions in future energy costs. All new public construction could specify likewise. The State's spending of $516  million for affordable housing could require solar, and Five Energy Star building envelopes, and appliances, to be integrated into new construction. There's no political will to do so and the non-profit housing groups I contacted, have no interest either.
 
As it stands, the administrator of Florida's affordable housing money, Steve Auger, has no intent to change its policy. The Florida Dept. of Education is not open  to discussion in this subject. The Governor's Office is not responsive to such alternatives, and the Florida Dept of Energy, ditto. 
 
As your article states, Germany and Japan are  ahead of the U.S. in PV production and incentives. In Japan, manufactured housing suppliers have PV technology as a standard component. With 100 year mortgages available, it's foolish not to include solar. In Europe, 100 year mortgages are not uncommon.  In the USA, typical wood frame residential construction is not engineered to last 100 years, but concrete and steel construction will.
 
Your article states that it's a sellers market for PV manufacturers. They can not produce sufficient volumes to meet demand, and making several billionaires in a few short years. I read that Honda will be in the PV business soon as well, and China became a world player in just three years. Florida does not have a single PV producer in the state. The Germans chose MA and CA as production sites. The Japanese selected TN. Enterprise Florida has no one to talk to in this area! 
 
Commodity pricing is not that far off for PV technology, making it competitive with fossil fuel generated electricity. The pollution problem should be a factor in Florida, but, thanks to the $50 million that Florida lobbyists were paid in the 1st three months of 2006, this is not likely to happen. We have answers to many issues, if politics were a curable affliction. 30 years ago a hand held solar calculator cost well over $100. Now dollar stores sell them!
 
I am hoping that NY will surface as a collaborator in the exhibit of a demonstration house in NYC that sells energy (see attachment). The solar air conditioner described in the attachments would be ideal for Florida. It operates for hours upon a blackout, and can power LED lighting. Florida has several fabricators  of Five Star Energy building envelopes, but no one in State government seems to want to see them succeed. 
 
I suggest you contribute a follow up story to your earlier article, and also send this piece to your colleagues in this subject across the state. Maybe something will happen as result. Florida claims to be the "Innovation Hub of the Americas". This is not the case in energy conservation and exploiting solar, etc. Policy changes are necessary. You could help. Good luck. 
 
Feedback is welcomed.
 
Walter Feuchs
P.O. Box 2715
Palm Beach, FL 33480
tel. 561.602.9198
fax 561.447.6804
From:	Jeff Castner <Jeff.Castner@Jupiterbeachresort.com>
Sent:	Monday, July 3, 2006 1:13 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Car Rental Surcharge Bill
Attachments:	Jeff Castner.vcf

Governor Bush:

 

I just wanted to send you a quick note concerning the Car Rental Surcharge Bill.  Thank you for not supporting the Bill on behalf of our industry.  We saw this as a detriment to our industry and an obstacle in marketing our beautiful state to many tourist and business travelers.  We appreciate your support on this issue.

 

   Jeff A. Castner   

       General Manager

     Direct Line:     561.745.7151

     Direct Fax:       561.744.5822

  www.jupiterbeachresort.com

 New Full Service Spa Now Open

     

 

 

 

From:	PDunn13445@aol.com
Sent:	Monday, July 3, 2006 1:06 PM
To:	ruthb@mho.com; jblack1133@yahoo.com; donald.bross@gmail.com; dabrooks@nytimes.com; cdejesus@cinci.rr.com; openforum@denverpost.com; gdunnia@webiowaplus.net; editor@latimes.com; letters@csmonitor.com; Governor Jeb Bush; letters@latimes.com; letters@nytimes.com; president@whitehouse.gov; editors@rockymountainnews.com; toni-charlie@earthlink.net; letters@washpost.com
Subject:	Will votes be counted accurately in the November elections?

I was reading the following article yesterday and it dawned on me that the same rules apply to the 2000 and 2004 elections. Americans are worried about decorum, even if we have the good hunch that elections were just stolen, and just don't want to believe that this could happen in our country. The Greeks would take to the streets, and justice would be done even if the powers to be didn't want justice or real vote tallies. 
 
If Floridians had taken to the streets in 2000 and Ohioans in 2004, or if actions would have been taken by the proper authorities to insure valid vote counting instead of obfuscation, I would have today more faith in our electoral process. We have elections coming up later this year, and I have little faith that they will not be manipulated. Worse, I do not see movement on governmental levels to make sure this cannot happen. Instead I see what could be a movement towards creating conditions ripe for stealing elections. For instance, we have electronic voting machines made by private companies with proprietary software. If this doesn't strike you as odd, then you live on another planet? Why, perhaps like the article below concludes, we are like an American woman on a subway, more concerned about decorum than striking out at a molester as a Greek woman would do if violated. I see the polite Democrats rolling over and playing dead while ruthless Republicans run over the top of them. Is this year another repeat? I see nothing to make me think differerently.
 
This morning I read about the "crisis" in Mexico where two Presidential candidates have declared victory. I think these Presidential candidates took good lessons from Gore and Kerry, that you need to stand your ground and not allow decorum/politeness to allow the other party to steel the election. I see a healthy reaction, not a "crisis". So what do we intend to do about elections this year. I am curious to see how this exercise in denial unfold. Mark Dunn; Golden CO and Zacatecas, Mexico fax 1-815-377-1635 or email
 
  

  _____  

July 1, 2006
Op-Ed Contributor

Moving Violations 

By DEBORAH TANNEN

Washington

RECENTLY, the New York City police arrested 13 men, saying they had groped or flashed women on the subway. Reading the press reports that followed, in which many women told of similar assaults, I was reminded of one of the first academic papers I published — an analysis of how Greek women talked about just such experiences.

I was also reminded of my own experience on the New York subway.

I was 15 and in my first year at Hunter College High School. Taking my usual route to school, I was riding a crowded express train to Manhattan from Cortelyou Road in Brooklyn. At the center of a crush of people holding onto a pole, I became aware — I thought — that my leather purse, which was hanging from my arm, had gotten jammed between my legs. I moved my arm to dislodge it and discovered, to my horror, that the purse moved, but the pressure remained. I stood frozen in fear. When the train pulled into the Prospect Park station, the pressure finally disappeared, and I saw a man in a suit look back at me as he stepped onto the platform.

That was the last time I took an express train to school. Instead I added a half-hour to my commute in order to catch the local, get a seat and keep it all the way to Manhattan. And forever after, I got a queasy feeling when the doors opened at the Prospect Park station. I think I expected that man to get back on.

This memory eventually receded, like the man through the subway doors. But it resurfaced 15 years later when, as a member of a team investigating how people talk about personal experiences, I asked New Yorkers if they'd had any memorable experiences on the subway. Indeed they had. And most of the stories I heard from women were about being groped, flashed, rubbed against or otherwise molested by men.

Around the same time, I spent eight months doing research in Athens, so I decided to record Greek women recounting narratives I could compare to the New Yorkers'. Since most of the subway stories were actually molesting stories, I asked Greek women if they'd ever been molested. 

The experiences the Greek women described were similar to those I'd heard from Americans. But there was a difference. Most of the American women — like those recently interviewed in the New York news media — told me they had felt humiliated and helpless and had done or said nothing. Of the 25 stories Greek women told me, only eight concluded with the speaker doing nothing. In the others, she said she had yelled, struck back or both.

One Greek woman told of walking to school with a friend when they were 12 years old, and encountering a man who exposed himself. Their reaction? "We grabbed some rocks and started aiming at his head. ... How we didn't kill him I don't know. We started to scream out loud." Another said: "I have given smacks. I have given a punch to a sailor. I have given kicks."

She went on to say that when she traveled she kept a rock in her pocket for protection, and she described how she used it on a repulsive man who had been dogging her and a friend on vacation in Venice. 

Though my research focused on how the women talked (the Greek women were vivid story-tellers, using the present tense and setting dramatic scenes with dialogues and details), I can't help pondering the differing actions the two groups of women described. Surely some general cultural patterns are at play. 

For one thing, most Greeks, like their Mediterranean neighbors, place value on expressiveness, whereas American culture is influenced by the Northern European and British emphasis on public decorum. That's why Americans often mistake animated Greek conversation for argument. Another cultural difference is how readily strangers get involved in others' interactions. I once saw two men arguing on an Athens street; when one raised his hand to strike, he was immediately restrained by a passer-by.

This incident may help explain another Greek woman's account of a strange man who followed her and then approached with unwanted advances. She told me: "I yelled and I gave him a strong smack. He had become so enraged that he jumped at me and he wanted to hit me," but a man who happened to be standing close by "intervened and cursed him and he left." Would she have risked enraging a stranger if she were less confident that another stranger would leap to her aid?

Whatever the reasons for them, the different ways of responding to public molestation led to different emotional reactions. Though many of the Greek women reported feeling anger and fear, they didn't talk about feeling helpless, as many American women did, and as I recall feeling when it happened to me. Equally dreadful was the sense of isolation: though you're in a crowd, something is happening only to you, and no one else knows. 

Speaking out dispels that isolation, as well as the sense of shame that it reflects and reinforces. Knowing that she had acted allowed at least one of my Greek storytellers to transform a potentially traumatic experience into bonding through shared laughter. The rock-wielder said that after the Venetian pest had fled, her friend "was dying of laughter, rolling on the floor," and then "the laughter grabbed me too" and they were both "laughing about how we had thrown him out willy-nilly." 

Deborah Tannen is a professor of linguistics at Georgetown University and the author, most recently, of "You're Wearing That? Understanding Mothers and Daughters in Conversation."


 
Web Bug from http://std.o.nytimes.com/b/ss/nytimesglobal/1/G.9p1/s19717436027544?[AQB]&ndh=1&t=3/6/2006%2011%3A44%3A37%201%20300&cdp=3&pageName=/2006/07/01/opinion/03tannen.html&g=http%3A//www.nytimes.com/2006/07/01/opinion/03tannen.html%3Fth%3D%26emc%3Dth%26pagewanted%3Dprint&r=http%3A//www.nytimes.com/2006/07/01/opinion/03tannen.html%3Fth%26emc%3Dth&ch=opinion&events=event5&cc=USD&c1=article&c3=registered&v4=/2006/07/01/opinion/03tannen.html&c5=1125013880453&v6=article&c8=http%3A//www.nytimes.com/2006/07/01/opinion/03tannen.html&v8=opinion&c13=Moving%20Violations%20-%20New%20York%20Times&pid=/2006/07/01/opinion/03tannen.html&pidt=1&oid=http%3A//www.nytimes.com/2006/07/01/opinion/03tannen.html%3Fth%3D%26emc%3Dth%26pagewanted%3Dprint&ot=A&oi=206&s=1280x1024&c=16&j=1.3&v=Y&k=Y&bw=1008&bh=718&ct=lan&hp=N&[AQE]  
From:	Hygeia Halfmoon <peacefulsimplicity@yahoo.com>
Sent:	Monday, July 3, 2006 12:47 PM
To:	SR_Community_Relations_Office
Cc:	Governor Jeb Bush; hhenri@sarasota-ymca.org
Subject:	Jasmine Kokee Halfmoon...SPN  02711689

Aloha Angela,

Is it with arrogance and cruelty or ignorance and the
protection of your paycheck that you respond to my
plea with such indifference?

Your final remark, "Please be assurred that the safety
and welfare of Jasmine is our primary concern" is both
condescending and proof that you have turned your back
on the true needs of my daughter.

I am the expert on my daughter, and not you.  Jasmine
has endured more heart-ache and instability over the
past 140 days in your custody than she has ever known
or will ever know in her entire life.  All damages to
date are documented, and a panel of attorneys are
presently reviewing each.  

It is just a matter of time before Governor Jeb Bush
will have no choice but to do the right thing.  Error,
when found out, is two thirds destroyed, and the
remaining third destroys itself.  Where you fit in
this domino effect is entirely up to you.  All I care
about is what is best for my daughter, and you and
your agency are clearly NOT that.
Heartily Spoken,
Hygeia Halfmoon
Devoted Mother to Jasmine Kokee Halfmoon

--- SR_Community_Relations_Office
<SR_Community_Relations_Office@dcf.state.fl.us> wrote:

> 
> 
> 
> 
> Dear Ms. Halfmoon:
> 
> Thank you for your June 8 and 9 emails to Governor
> Bush regarding your
> daughter, Jasmine.  Governor Bush asked me to
> respond to you on his behalf.
> 
> Your concern for Jasmine is appreciated and we
> regret any frustration you
> may have experienced with the child welfare system. 
> The Pinellas County
> Sheriff's Office investigates all allegations of
> child abuse and/or neglect
> in Pinellas County.  Your emails were forwarded to
> Lieutenant Greg Handsel,
> Assistant Director of Child Protective
> Investigations with the Pinellas
> County Sheriff's Office, for review.  It is my
> understanding that
> Lieutenant Handsel reviewed the investigation
> involving Jasmine and
> determined that it was handled in accordance with
> the policies and
> procedures of both the department and the Pinellas
> County Sheriff's Office.
> If you have any additional questions or concerns
> regarding the
> investigation or wish to request a copy of the
> closed report, please call
> Lieutenant Handsel at (727) 582-3817.
> 
> The Safe Children Coalition with the Sarasota Family
> YMCA, Inc. provides
> all child welfare services in Pinellas County.  Your
> emails were also
> forwarded to April Putzulu, Director of Client
> Relations with Safe Children
> Coalition for review.  Ms. Putzulu or someone on her
> staff will contact you
> directly regarding your concerns.  You may call Ms.
> Putzulu at (727)
> 456-0600, extension 2004 with any questions
> regarding your service plan or
> services to Jasmine.
> 
> Please be assured that the safety and welfare of
> Jasmine is our primary
> concern.
> 
> Sincerely,
> 
> Angela Massari
> Government Operations Consultant
> Department of Children and Families
> SunCoast Region
> CONFIDENTIALITY NOTICE:  This message and any
> attachments are for the sole
> use of the intended recipient(s) and may contain
> confidential and
> privileged information that is exempt from public
> disclosure.  Any
> unauthorized review, use, disclosure, or
> distribution is prohibited.  If
> you have received this message in error please
> contact the sender (by phone
> or reply electronic mail) and then destroy all
> copies of the original
> message.
> 
> 


__________________________________________________
Do You Yahoo!?
Tired of spam?  Yahoo! Mail has the best spam protection around 
http://mail.yahoo.com 
From:	Marilynn Smith <floridaroadrunner2003@yahoo.com>
Sent:	Monday, July 3, 2006 12:42 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	puppy mills

Please help in halting this terrible business.

From:	Charles Boucher <chuckboucher@msn.com>
Sent:	Monday, July 3, 2006 12:12 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Lawsuit Reform

I thank you for a good job!  Charles B. Boucher
From:	Patrick O'Neill PhD <patrickoneillphd@cox.net>
Sent:	Monday, July 3, 2006 11:31 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	[*] Re: Cutbacks to Mental Health Services

I thank you.

----- Original Message ----- 
From: "Governor Jeb Bush" <Jeb.Bush@MyFlorida.com>
To: "Patrick O'Neill PhD" <patrickoneillphd@cox.net>
Sent: Monday, July 03, 2006 8:41 AM
Subject: Read: Cutbacks to Mental Health Services


Your message

  To:      Governor Jeb Bush
  Cc:      Rod Hall
  Subject: Cutbacks to Mental Health Services
  Sent:    Sat, 1 Jul 2006 06:06:26 -0400

was read on Mon, 3 Jul 2006 09:41:15 -0400

From:	Case Closed Inc. <caseclosedlive@yahoo.com>
Sent:	Monday, July 3, 2006 11:28 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Michael G O'Brien

 
http://www.nbc-2.com/articles/readarticle.asp?articleid=7619&z=3&p=
Hello, my name is Manny and I am an investigator who works for a Surety Agent (a.k.a. Bounty Hunter) in Florida named COBRA. Here’s a little interesting info regarding the arrest of a Fugitive out of Naples Florida.
My concern is, why are authorities taking credit for an arrest that they had nothing to do with. No one seems to return calls or even attempts to contact me regarding this issue. I thought you might be interested in the story. Michael O'brien was apprehended in New Orleans by COBRA, not the U.S. Marshals, and not Collier County Sheriff in Florida. 
As far as his daughter Brandee Adams (missing and exploited teen) she was with him at the time and authorities in New Orleans advised since she was 17, she was considered an adult and they had no power to detain her. All I would like is the truth to be printed and some recognition that we worked very long hours from the time we were contacted in June to help closed this case. 
 
1 - Brandee used her ATM card in New Orleans
     True but the original bank statement is in my hands. She withdrew $23.50 from an ATM at 442 Canal St. in New 
     Orleans LA.  No one else has a copy. Brandee’s grandparents mailed this statement to me, after  
     faxing it to us on June 17th
     The next day I printed up wanted posters and put my boss on a plane to the ATM Location with Satellite images 
      and maps of the area, where he later posted over 200 posters in the vicinity.
2 - U.S. Marshals would not even adopt the case.
3 – COBRA, not Collier County Sheriff contacted New Orleans Detectives and worked with them to canvas the area.
4 - The bounty was collected and paid in full from All Out Bail Bonds in Naples to COBRA
5 -  I contacted the Collier County Sheriff at 4:30 am on June 21st and asked if the warrant appeared on the teletype.
6 – We had the grandparents deposit $100 cash in her account on June 20th in the hopes of accessing the account 
       later to see if she would try to use the card again.
7- After speaking to some reporters they advised they printed the articles based on what the Sheriff had told them.
     What kind of irresponsibility is this, in regards to reporters, the Sheriff and U.S. Marshals ?
From:	Patrick O'Neill PhD <patrickoneillphd@cox.net>
Sent:	Monday, July 3, 2006 11:05 AM
To:	Charlie Christ
Cc:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	[*] Campaign / Advocacy for 2006

Dear Charlie,
Per discussion with Sarah Hamilton a few minutes ago, I was asked to let you know, too, that I am interested in advocating  (especially via eMail) for the physically and mentally disabled, the abused, and / or medically neglected during your gubernatorial campaign for 2006.
I also asked for Governor Bush to verify that proof, beyond any doubt, of each of these were provided to him via eMail.
Thanking you in advance for your immediate attention to this matter,
I remain...
Patrick W. O'Neill, PhD
From:	aidan_finnerty@bellsouth.net
Sent:	Monday, July 3, 2006 11:01 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Cc:	executivedirector@hsmv.state.fl.us
Subject:	[*] Re: Limits on teen drivers may reduce deaths

Importance:	High

Good morning Governor,

As a Florida resident, I would like to see the recommendations in the article below implemented in Florida.

Sincerely,

Aidan Finnerty
(954) 478-2806


http://www.sun-sentinel.com/news/local/southflorida/sfl-73teendrivers,0,2641472.story?coll=sfla-home-headlines 


Limits on teen drivers may reduce deaths 


Johns Hopkins study shows fewer deaths in states that restrict 16-year-olds
  
 
 
By Dennis O'Brien
Baltimore Sun

July 3, 2006, 10:06 AM EDT



A comprehensive, federally funded study of highway fatalities and laws that govern 16-year-old drivers confirmed today what past research has suggested: Strict driving rules for teenagers can save lives.

In a report released this morning, researchers at the Johns Hopkins Bloomberg School of Public Health analyzed the number of fatal crashes caused by 16-year-old drivers in 41 states and the District of Columbia.

It found far fewer deaths in Maryland and other states that have tough restrictions on 16-year-olds. Nationwide, they range from a ban on driving after midnight to requiring at least 30 hours of adult driving supervision before a teenager can take a driver's test.

"There are huge advantages to making sure that kids are trained as well as possible," said Susan P. Baker, a professor and injury prevention specialist at Bloomberg who led the study.

The report, sponsored by the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration, focused on fatalities in the District of Columbia and the 41 states that had some type of graduated driver licensing program by the end of 2004, Baker said. Four other states have enacted restrictions since then, the agency says.

The researchers found that states with at least a few restrictions on young drivers had 11 percent fewer fatal crashes caused by 16-year-olds between 1994 and 2004 compared with states that had no restrictions.

But 19 states - including Maryland - place at least five restrictions on 16-year-old drivers, and those states together reported 20 percent fewer fatalities, Baker said.

"Maryland is one of the states with more comprehensive laws," she said.

Maryland began a graduated driver licensing program in 1999. Under the system, a 16-year-old driver is given a provisional license and earns full driving privileges only after 18 months of trouble-free driving.

Nationwide, there are about 1,000 fatal crashes each year involving 16-year-old drivers, so a 20 percent reduction translates into about 200 lives a year, Baker said.

There was no single restriction that stood out in reducing deaths. "The thing is, all of these restrictions are important," Baker said.

Officials at the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration, which shared costs for the $264,000 study with Hopkins, said the findings add support for teen driving restrictions.

"I think it will help any state legislators looking at teenage driving laws, and any parents with a teenager who wants to start driving. Parents may want to say, 'Even if it's not the law of my state, it can be the law in my house when my children turn 16,'" said Nicole Nason, the NHTSA's administrator.

The AAA Foundation for Traffic Safety reached similar conclusions in a smaller study of graduated driver licensing programs released June 22.

The foundation found that a state with night-time driving and passenger restrictions (Oregon) had 20 percent fewer crashes involving 16 year olds than a Canadian province (Ontario) that didn't have the restrictions.

Although restrictions play a major role, the lead author of the AAA report said getting parents involved is also important. "They should get out on the road and practice with their children under a diversity of conditions," said Daniel R. Mayhew, senior vice president of the Traffic Injury Research Foundation.

The Maryland Motor Vehicle Administration uses its Web site to encourage parents to spend time teaching their children to drive, said John T. Kuo, the MVA's administrator.

"Parents spend hours and hours teaching their kids how to play baseball or how to play football or basketball. They should do the same thing when they want to learn how to drive," he said.

Traffic safety advocates say the studies support their arguments about the benefits of teen driving restrictions. "None of these studies come as a surprise. This was what we said would happen when we passed these laws," said state Del. William A. Bronrott, a Montgomery County Democrat and supporter of teen driving restrictions.

Several attempts over the years to beef up restrictions on teenage drivers drew little attention or support in the General Assembly until a series of teenage highway fatalities in 2004 and early in 2005, Bronrott said.

The fatalities prompted legislators, with the backing of Gov. Robert L. Ehrlich Jr., to enact a package of restrictions that took effect in October.

"In previous years, I think a lot of it was just a case of things getting lost in the press of other business," Bronrott said.

Before a new driver can take the licensing test, the state requires a learner's permit for at least six months, 36 hours of driver's education and 60 hours of supervised driving practice with a qualified adult (someone 21 or older who has been a licensed driver for at least three years).

For the first five months under a provisional license, drivers younger than 18 are prohibited from carrying nonfamily teenage passengers without an adult in the car. Drivers younger than 18 are also banned from using cell phones while operating a vehicle except to make an emergency 911 call.

-- dennis.obrien@baltsun.com 
Copyright © 2006, South Florida Sun-Sentinel 

  

From:	Berkowitz, Brian <Brian.Berkowitz@djj.state.fl.us>
Sent:	Monday, July 3, 2006 10:58 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Cc:	DJJCorrespondence; Hackney, Stacey
Subject:	RE: [*] Please Help

The e-mail below was forwarded to the Department of Juvenile Justice for a response.  About two years ago, we were being inundated with requests from this person to be allowed to correspond with Alex King.  Because we would not do what he wanted the Department to do, he, at one point threatened the security of our e-mail system.  (we referred the threat to FDLE).  We also blocked his e-mails from our system and determined that we would no longer respond to him.  The Department would prefer to continue that approach and not provide a response to this individual.
 
If there is something more you would like the Department to do, please let me know.
 
Brian Berkowitz
Chief Assistant General Counsel
ph. (850) 921-4129
fax (850) 921-4159 

 
 

-----Original Message-----
From: Governor Jeb Bush 
Sent: Friday, June 30, 2006 11:06 AM
To: COR (E-mail); DJJCorrespondence
Subject: FW: [*] Please Help


 
-----Original Message-----
From: dean spurs_Essex [mailto:d_spurs@yahoo.com]
Sent: Thursday, June 29, 2006 2:33 PM
To: Governor Jeb Bush
Subject: [*] Please Help


HI, I UNDERSTAND I AM WRITING TO YOU  FOR SOME MUCH NEEDED ASSISTANCE  ON ALEX DAVID KING DC NUMBER IS P20435  ALEX WAS WAS CAUGHT FOR AN ESCAPE ATTEMPT WAY BACK IN MARCH OF LAST YEAR.
 
ALEX WAS SENT TO THE COUNTY JAIL IN OKEECHOBEE FLORIDA I BELIEVE HE WAS THERE FOR AROUND 8 MONTHS I WAS INFORMED THAT I WOULD BE ABLE TO WRITE ALEX AS THE RULES WERE DIFFERENT TO THE RULES OF THE OKEECHOBEE JUVENILE CORRECTIONS CENTER.
 
 WHILE HE WAS THERE ME AND ALEX WROTE TO ONE ANOTHER EVERY WEEK THEN ALEX GOT SENT BACK TO THE OKEECHOBEE JUVENILE CORRECTIONS CENTER AND I UNDERSTAND THAT ALEX HAS NOT STOOD TRIAL FOR HIS ESCAPE ATTEMPT AS OF YET ALEX DID SAY WHILE HE WAS AT COUNTY JAIL HE WOULD TRY AND GET ME ON HIS LIST BUT I WAS INFORMED HIS HAS NO CONTROL OVER WHO IS ALLOWED ON THE LIST TO WRITE 
 
 
THEREFORE I WOULD LIKE TO BE APPROVED ON THE LIST TO WRITE ALEX ONCE AGAIN  IVE BEEN INVOLVED FOR AROUND 4 YEARS NOW IVE SENT MONEY & BOOKS TO BOTH ALEX AND DEREK KING...
 
HI I UNDERSTAND THE RESULT IS THAT ALEX David King DC NUMBER IS P20435 HAS BEEN RETURNED BACK TO OJOCC I HAVE BEEN IN CONTACT WITH ALEX FOR QUITE SOME TIME NOW BUT NOW THAT ALEX HAS BEEN RETURNED BACK TO OJOCC WE ARE NO LONGER IN CONTACT WITH EACH OTHER
 
 I UNDERSTAND THAT HE WAS RETURNED BACK TO OJOCC the news is that this is a big step towards our top priority, which is to keep Alex in the juvenile corrections system. His safety and welfare absolutely depends on this.
 
 
 I was told by Alex that He was a part of the decision-making IN GOING BACK TO THE OJOCC. and IT'S what he wants in the short term. Please could you approve me on the list to correspond with Alex PLEASE! Alex has changed a lot since his departure from OJOCC way back in March for the escape attempt I really do wish him all the best. 
 
I wish him all the best while he is in OJOCC... PLEASE COULD YOU GET BACK TO ME AS SOON AS POSSIBLE PLEASE THANK-YOU FOR YOUR TIME IF YOU ARE STILL UNABLE TO HELP PLEASE COULD YOU PASS THIS ONTO MailScanner has detected a possible fraud attempt from "mail.yahoo.com" claiming to be MailScanner has detected a possible fraud attempt from "mail.yahoo.com" claiming to be kerry.knott@us.securicor.com THE OFFICER IN CHARGE A THE OKEECHOBEE JUVENILE CORRECTIONS CENTER WERE ALEX KING IS CURRENTLY THIS MEANS A LOT TO ME AND WOULD LIKE YOU TO HELP ME AS MUCH AS POSSIBLE WITH THIS PLEASE. I ONLY WANT TO BE ON THE LIST TO CORRESPOND WITH ALEX MANY THANKS 
 
REGARDS 
 
DEAN FREEMAN 
OF THE(UK)


The mission of the Florida Department of Juvenile Justice: To protect the public by reducing juvenile crime and the delinquency in Florida.


Florida has a very broad public records law. Most written communications to or from state officials regarding 
state business are public records available to the public and media upon request. Your e-mail communications may 
therefore be subject to public disclosure.

From:	duane giddens <thunder_hammer7@yahoo.com>
Sent:	Monday, July 3, 2006 10:52 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	home owners insurance


  _____  

Want to be your own boss? Learn how on Yahoo! Small Business. 
From:	Arnold, Tom <arnoldt@ahca.myflorida.com>
Sent:	Monday, July 3, 2006 10:23 AM
To:	Hemmen, Noreen
Cc:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	RE:

Noreen,

 

Please coordinate with your DCF counterpart to address this issue.  Also, please contact Ms. Mahoney-Quarles about any prescription drug assistance programs that may be able to help her while her Medicaid eligibility is under review.  Sybil Richard may also be a source of information on prescription drug assistance programs.

 

Thanks and let me know if I can assist.

 

Tom

 

  _____  

From: aimfl@aol.com [mailto:aimfl@aol.com] 
Sent: Monday, July 03, 2006 10:12 AM
To: Hemmen, Noreen
Cc: Arnold, Tom; jeb.bush@myflorida.com
Subject: 

 

Greetings:

 

I am critically concerned about the health and welfare of one of the supporters of our organization, and am disturbed by the lack of action by the Department of Children and Families to provide assistance to her in any manner.

 

Ms. Jennifer Lynn Mahoney-Quarles is a divorced single mother of two children. She was the victim of spousal abuse and her young son the victim of physical abuse. 

 

She was divorced in January of 2006 and has since worked to improve herself. She enrolled, after a decades absence, in college taking a full course load this summer at St Petersburg College. She has initiated her own business, which in its first six months has blossomed. All this while raising two children and maintaining her home. She has done this without the assistance that is designed and was created in part to help individuals like her. That is not acceptable.

 

Her income does not yet afford her the ability to secure private health insurance for herself or her children. She is an insulin dependent diabetic and also was on medication for anxiety and other conditions. She has been without medication since January of 2006 and has had to deal with her medical conditions the best she can.

 

Her medicaid application 1236646592 has been repeatedly put on hold with various additional requirements being put upon Ms. Quarles and requests being made of her. She has each time done her best to provide proof of income, reciepts etc and even court documents for her divorce and child support. The latter being governmental record documents easily available to government agenices, but not as easily available via public record for private citizens. Nonetheless she has acquired them and provided them as requested.

 

The latest request, has asked her to hunt down the father of her daughter, a man she hasn't seen or spoken to in over a decade. She utilized commercially available public records databases and provided an address to the worker and was advised it was no longer a good address and she needed to obtain a valid one.

 

This a ludicrous and unfair burden to put upon a single mother working to improve her income capabilities while raising her two children.

 

Ms. Jennifer Lynn-Mahoney Quarles should be the poster child for the current philosophy regarding welfare as an interim measure while an individual improves themselves and takes themselves off the welfare roles by that improvement.

 

Ms. Quarles is enrolled full time as a student, works her own business and derives only that income and the amount she recieves in child support-information she has painstakingly and repeatedly provided to DCF. Her income is well below the standards by which Medicaid is provided.  

 

The failure of DCF to provide services to her for the last six months is extremely disturbing since it could have negatively impacted the health and welfare of Ms. Quarles as she has been without neccessary insulin and other medications for that time. He ability to perservere and manage her diabeties, anxiety and other ailements is a testament to the resiliance of the human spirit but should not be relied upon as a exuse by DCF for ineffective delivery of service.

 

I have emailed various individuals at DCF regarding Ms. Quarles predicament and recieved no response. I am emailing one last time in the hopes that this will be addressed with her in an equitable and fair manner.

 

This matter needs swift resolution for Ms. Quarles as its been too long that she has been without medication or medical coverage based on her needs. She is precisely, I believe, the kind of individual for which this program was designed and should be adequately and humanely addressed.

 

I hope you take this into account and resolve this matter with her so that further activity on my part is not neccessary.

 

 

Thanks,

 

 

Sheridan Murphy

State Executive Director

American Indian Movement of Florida

 


 

  _____  

MailScanner has detected a possible fraud attempt from "pr.atwola.com" claiming to be Check out AOL.com today. Breaking news, video search, pictures, email and IM. All on demand. Always Free.

From:	Don Sima <donsima@cox.net>
Sent:	Monday, July 3, 2006 10:17 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Please Help the Police

Dear Governor,

 

I retired and moved to Pensacola FL about three years ago hoping for a peaceful and quiet retirement.  I am trying to survive on a very limited income, Social Security, and so far, I am making it work.  One of the many obstacles along the way has been harassing phone calls from the Police.  I get calls averaging every month or two from the Police begging for money.  I can’t afford to contribute, and I have asked each time to be removed from their “sucker list” to no avail.  I am on the National Do Not Call List, but they ignore that also.  If you get a phone call and the caller identifies himself as the “Police”, it is intimidating, and then, if he begs you for money, under those conditions it is not a charitable request, it is closer to extortion.  What the person getting the call thinks is "This is the Police, give us your money!"  After nearly three years of this, I consider it harassment.

 

Would you please do what you can to increase the pay of the Police so that they do not have to resort to intimidating and harassing senior citizens by continually begging for money?

 

Thank you for your help,

 

Donald Sima

 

Pensacola

 

850-944-1702
From:	aimfl@aol.com
Sent:	Monday, July 3, 2006 10:12 AM
To:	hemmenn@ahca.myflorida.com
Cc:	Arnold, Thomas; Governor Jeb Bush

Greetings:
 
I am critically concerned about the health and welfare of one of the supporters of our organization, and am disturbed by the lack of action by the Department of Children and Families to provide assistance to her in any manner.
 
Ms. Jennifer Lynn Mahoney-Quarles is a divorced single mother of two children. She was the victim of spousal abuse and her young son the victim of physical abuse. 
 
She was divorced in January of 2006 and has since worked to improve herself. She enrolled, after a decades absence, in college taking a full course load this summer at St Petersburg College. She has initiated her own business, which in its first six months has blossomed. All this while raising two children and maintaining her home. She has done this without the assistance that is designed and was created in part to help individuals like her. That is not acceptable.
 
Her income does not yet afford her the ability to secure private health insurance for herself or her children. She is an insulin dependent diabetic and also was on medication for anxiety and other conditions. She has been without medication since January of 2006 and has had to deal with her medical conditions the best she can.
 
Her medicaid application 1236646592 has been repeatedly put on hold with various additional requirements being put upon Ms. Quarles and requests being made of her. She has each time done her best to provide proof of income, reciepts etc and even court documents for her divorce and child support. The latter being governmental record documents easily available to government agenices, but not as easily available via public record for private citizens. Nonetheless she has acquired them and provided them as requested.
 
The latest request, has asked her to hunt down the father of her daughter, a man she hasn't seen or spoken to in over a decade. She utilized commercially available public records databases and provided an address to the worker and was advised it was no longer a good address and she needed to obtain a valid one.
 
This a ludicrous and unfair burden to put upon a single mother working to improve her income capabilities while raising her two children.
 
Ms. Jennifer Lynn-Mahoney Quarles should be the poster child for the current philosophy regarding welfare as an interim measure while an individual improves themselves and takes themselves off the welfare roles by that improvement.
 
Ms. Quarles is enrolled full time as a student, works her own business and derives only that income and the amount she recieves in child support-information she has painstakingly and repeatedly provided to DCF. Her income is well below the standards by which Medicaid is provided.  
 
The failure of DCF to provide services to her for the last six months is extremely disturbing since it could have negatively impacted the health and welfare of Ms. Quarles as she has been without neccessary insulin and other medications for that time. He ability to perservere and manage her diabeties, anxiety and other ailements is a testament to the resiliance of the human spirit but should not be relied upon as a exuse by DCF for ineffective delivery of service.
 
I have emailed various individuals at DCF regarding Ms. Quarles predicament and recieved no response. I am emailing one last time in the hopes that this will be addressed with her in an equitable and fair manner.
 
This matter needs swift resolution for Ms. Quarles as its been too long that she has been without medication or medical coverage based on her needs. She is precisely, I believe, the kind of individual for which this program was designed and should be adequately and humanely addressed.
 
I hope you take this into account and resolve this matter with her so that further activity on my part is not neccessary.
 
 
Thanks,
 
 
Sheridan Murphy
State Executive Director
American Indian Movement of Florida
 

 
  _____  

MailScanner has detected a possible fraud attempt from "pr.atwola.com" claiming to be Check out AOL.com today. Breaking news, video search, pictures, email and IM. All on demand. Always Free.

From:	B. Lee Pemberton <churchlionjudah@verizon.net>
Sent:	Monday, July 3, 2006 9:19 AM
To:	Fox Fred Barnes
Subject:	Your Remarks: "Gov. Jeb Bush"

Mr Fred Barnes
Fox News
 
Dear Mr Barnes;
 
for a man who is usually well-spoken, sensible, rational and holding defensible opinions, you recently committed an act of outrageous irresponsibility when you spouted out your flowery endorsement of Jeb Bush as "America's best Governor"!
 
It is not often that a journalist of your calibre crams both feet in his mouth and then shoots himself in them simultaneously!
 
Quite obviously, you have never lived in Florida, and that you know nothing of Jeb Bush, who is actually one of the worst Governors Florida has ever been afflicted with, and is certainly among the worst Governors extant in America!  Just a few reasons why:
 
(a) Bush sat on his hands while a black-robed, demi-god tyrant starved a healthy Terri Schiavo to death, in the full view and knowledge of the entire civilized world!;
(b) Bush has refused to lead the State government, instead sitting on his hands while self-serving hack politicians manipulate many situations for their own fun and profit;
(c) Bush has given a "free pass" to outlaw bikers in Florida: they are not required to obey speed limits, vehicle inspection laws, wear helmets(which has caused an astronomical rise in injuries and deaths!), and are permitted to terrorize the roadways statewide while drunk, drugged, and otherwise impaired, without fear of law enforcement;
(d) Bush has refused to make any attempt at reducing the horrendous death toll in Florida caused by DUI/DWI, refusing to even look at a plan that would reduce drunk driving;
(e) Bush refuses to have the alligator removed from the endangered species list and reduce their numbers -an estimated 1 1/2 million!, even though these pests are killing people, pets, other wildlife, destroying property and inhabiting citizen's swimming pools, canals, ponds and lakes -all of which are now unsafe for human use;
(f) Bush refuses to act in management over the Interstate rest areas, allowing the FLDOT and the rent-a-cops who "guard" the rest areas to write their own rules over who can and cannot use the rest stops, pushing sleepy drivers back onto the highway after a maximum of 2 hours sleep;
(g) Bush refuses to oversee the State Highway Patrol, allowing the department commander to operate according to his policies without official oversight. If you've ever wondered why crime is a pandemic statewide in Florida, much of this is caused by arrogant individual "cowboys" in trooper uniforms who operate independently. Crime rates are also greatly influenced by the Florida Department of Law Enforcement(FDLE)("fiddle": the most appropriate acronym in America!); from watching programs involving this agency, FDLE's investigators couldn't find Grizzly Adams' bear in a telephone booth;
(h) Bush refuses to listen to Florida citizens complaints, ignoring all communications that are not complimentary to his regime;
(i)  Bush has worked diligently to assist foreign interests, and against Florida farmers and citizens, promoting every Hispanic organization he can find in making inroads into the sales and export of Florida produce and products, and also promoting the interests of Japanese businesses -also to the detriment of Florida farmers and residents;
(j) Bush usually appoints mostly Hispanic candidates and people of other foreign extraction to State jobs and offices -making his choices known only AFTER the fact- and thus preventing citizen input and possible objection. There are likely more Hispanic people in Florida than in some Hispanic nations because of Bush;
(k) Bush makes no known effort to attract Americans to Florida -except for tourists: he seems to only want tourist dollars heaped in the State treasury for the building of more tourist attractions that are about as popular with permanent residents as communicable diseases. Anyone familiar with the Orlando-Kissimmee area knows what a blight DisneyWorld, Universal, etc; is on that area;
 
The above is only a tiny sample of what could be written about the man you call "America's best Governor". About all he has done since taking office is exploit his kinship to our President, George W.
 
The kindest statement I can make to you is this: you are in desperate need of some new research assistants!
 
very sincerely,
 
B. Lee Pemberton                                                                    
Pastor
Church of the Lion of Judah
Post Office Box 1484
Sarasota, Fl 34230-1484
Jesus is Lord!
Am I therefore become your enemy, because I tell you the truth?Galatians:4:16:
   † † †  We are Surfing for souls on the Internet!  † † †
churchlionjudah@verizon.net 
www.bealenet.com/~ron/index.html 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
From:	Barb Cherry <barbcherry@comcast.net>
Sent:	Monday, July 3, 2006 9:15 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	[*] Suggestion for juvenile guards

I have a suggestion for guards for juveniles:

Hire FL-certified teachers and train them in corrections; they're already educated in child development and child motivation.  Pay them at the rate for in-system teachers, including years of service already accrued.  You would have a staff of educators with a "teach and salvage" mentality.

Thank you.

Barbara Cherry

--
Barb Cherry
9036 Muirfield Court
Tallahassee, FL  32312 
850-668-7993, 850-556-2504, barbcherry@comcast.net
 
From:	Dave Fingar <dave@MID-HUDSON.com>
Sent:	Monday, July 3, 2006 8:41 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Florida right to carry concealed weapons

Hi Gov. Bush: I wish you and President Bush had another brother to come to New York and run against Elliot Spitzer. Keep up the good work

 

Dave Fingar

Livingston, N.Y.

From:	Prather, Jeff <Jeff.Prather@dep.state.fl.us>
Sent:	Monday, July 3, 2006 8:41 AM
To:	aaright@earthlink.net; Governor Jeb Bush; compplan@co.lake.fl.us; Kelley, Lisa; Young, Michael; psimmons@co.lake.fl.us; rpool@co.lake.fl.us; tleathers@co.lake.fl.us; tucker.vilma.s20@flsenate.gov
Cc:	Burns, Richard; Scott, Joni
Subject:	RE: Prestige AB Ready Mix Fugitive Emissions

Dear Mr. and Mrs. Wright,

Corrective actions for Prestige AB/Ready Mix will include all applicable
environmental regulations.  The process you descibed below will certainly be
addressed.

Jeff 

-----Original Message-----
From: aaright@earthlink.net [mailto:aaright@earthlink.net]
Sent: Friday, June 30, 2006 4:10 PM
To: Prather, Jeff; Jeb Bush; compplan@co.lake.fl.us; Kelley, Lisa;
Young, Michael; psimmons@co.lake.fl.us; rpool@co.lake.fl.us;
tleathers@co.lake.fl.us; tucker.vilma.s20@flsenate.gov
Cc: Burns, Richard; Scott, Joni
Subject: RE: Prestige AB Ready Mix Fugitive Emissions


Good Afternoon Jeff,
Thank you for your quick feedback.  I want to make sure you understand the
Fugitive
Emissions are not just dust.  They are actually spraying waste or left over
material on the back of the property that is now caked onto the vegetation on
their property and our properties listed below.
Thank you,
Aaron and Amy Wright, 17529 Mandarin Circle, Winter Garden, FL 34787-9657
407-656-6480

Joseph Maxwell, 17515 Mandarin Circle, Winter Garden, FL 34787-9657
407-656-6931

Donald Stone, Marlene Matthews and Nicole Stone, 17539 Mandarin Circle,
Winter Garden, FL 34787-9657 407-256-8677

-----Original Message-----
>From: "Prather, Jeff" <Jeff.Prather@dep.state.fl.us>
>Sent: Jun 30, 2006 2:31 PM
>To: aaright@earthlink.net, Jeb Bush <jeb.bush@myflorida.com>,
compplan@co.lake.fl.us, "Kelley, Lisa" <Lisa.Kelley@dep.state.fl.us>, "Young,
Michael" <Michael.Young@dep.state.fl.us>, psimmons@co.lake.fl.us,
rpool@co.lake.fl.us, tleathers@co.lake.fl.us, tucker.vilma.s20@flsenate.gov
>Cc: "Burns, Richard" <Richard.Burns@dep.state.fl.us>, "Scott, Joni"
<Joni.Scott@dep.state.fl.us>
>Subject: RE: Prestige AB Ready Mix Fugitive Emissions
>
>Dear Mr. and Mrs. Wright,
>
>Thank you for your latest email.  As stated in our letter to you dated June
>27, 2006, the Florida Department of Environmental Protection (FDEP) has an
>open enforcement case with Prestige AB/Ready Mix.  FDEP is requiring the
>facilities to implement corrective actions to meet all applicable
>environmental regulations, which will include the elimination of fugitive
>dust.  Your concerns regarding noise, traffic, and zoning are a local issue
>out of FDEP's control, and we have forwarded your concerns to the
appropriate
>Lake County officials.
>
>FDEP met with Prestige AB/Ready Mix this past Wednesday, June 26th, and the
>facilities are currently working on their plan to meet the required
>corrective actions.  Prestige AB/Ready Mix will have to submit their
>corrective action plan to FDEP for approval.  
>
>I will keep you informed as we move forward towards resolution.
>
>Respectfully,
>
>Jeff Prather
>Ombudsman
>FDEP, Central District
>407-893-7860
>
>-----Original Message-----
>From: aaright@earthlink.net [mailto:aaright@earthlink.net]
>Sent: Friday, June 30, 2006 12:02 PM
>To: Jeb Bush; Prather, Jeff; compplan@co.lake.fl.us; Kelley, Lisa;
>Young, Michael; psimmons@co.lake.fl.us; rpool@co.lake.fl.us;
>tleathers@co.lake.fl.us; tucker.vilma.s20@flsenate.gov
>Subject: Prestige AB Ready Mix Fugitive Emissions
>
>
>Good Afternoon,
>I am emailing you regarding another incident regarding Prestige AB/Ready Mix
>located at 17600 Hwy 50, Clermont, FL.  We are woken up all hours of the
>night and have had multiple on going issues that have been sent to Lake
>County and EPA for review and action.  We once again have experienced
another
>over spray of fugitive emissions on our property that is being sprayed on
all
>the vegetatation at the back of this Heavy Industrial site that is zoned
>Light Industrial. Please someone take action.  We implore Governor Bush to
>supercede Lake County and take action.  This matter has not been controlled
>for the last 4 to 5 years by the local authorities.  Please hear our request
>to Cease and Desist regarding further usage of this property by this Heavy
>Industrial Company.
>Thank you,
>Aaron and Amy Wright, 17529 Mandarin Circle, Winter Garden, FL 34787-9657
>407-656-6480 
>Joseph Maxwell, 17515 Mandarin Circle, Winter Garden, FL 34787-9657
>407-656-6931 Donald Stone, Marlene Matthews and Nicole Stone, 17539 Mandarin
>Circle, Winter Garden, FL 34787-9657 407-256-8677 
>

From:	wgkozak <wgkozak@hotmail.com>
Sent:	Monday, July 3, 2006 8:14 AM
To:	aclufl@aclufl.org; Crist, Victor; Governor Jeb Bush; lee.tom.web@flsenate.gov; Mike Deeson Channel 10; Sebesta, Jim; tips@baynews9.com; tms@pacificlegal.org; ag@oag.state.fl.us; russell.dave@myfloridahouse.com; Fasano, Mike
Subject:	Kozak v. HCPTC

Kozak's lawsuit against the Hillsborough County Public Transportation Commission (HCPTC) enters into another phase as 21 August has been set as the hearing date of Kozak's  Motion for Summary Judgment. The Motion and the hearing itself will emphasize the following:
 
That despite the provisions of Title 49 ss 14501 United States Code which prohibits the economic regulation of Intrastate Motor Carriers of chartered passengers and property, the HCPTC has been applying its regulatory scheme upon such carriers under color of law.
 
The HCPTC has ignored the provisions of Chapter 341.102 ( 1 ) F.S. and under threat of arrest and vehicle seizure, forced the Intrastate Motor Carriers entering Hillsborough County for the sole purpose of loading passengers bound for other points within the State to submit business operations to the economic regulatory control of the HCPTC.
 
That the Executive Director of the HCPTC has made publicly recorded statements that this independent special district with limited boundaries and powers has unlawfully expanded its role as local transportation regulator to include multiple jurisdictions on the central west  coast of Florida.
 
That an attempt to include commissioners from various regions upon this board that has expanded its regulatory to by State Senator Sebesta's proposal of a "regional regulatory" was met with destain and opposition of the HCPTC forcing the proposed bill to be withdrawn.
 
That under the influence of Tampa taxi services of whom the owners have served as lobbyist for HCPTC Commissioners, the HCPTC has conspired to restrict the intrastate motor carrier from entering Hillsborough County to load thier chartered and prearranged passengers bound for other points within the State in an attempt to monopolize the major transportation hubs that the interstate traveler is reliant upon.
 
By means of invalid exercise of delegated authority the HCPTC has expanded it's regulatory to not only intrastate motor carriers but also the residents of other jurisdictions reliant on the intrastate carriers for continuance of interstate travel to and from the major transportation hubs located in Tampa. The HCPTC forces the intrastate motor carriers of passengers and property  into specific classifications of service provision as well as the requirement to seek authority to provide intrastate transportation through a long, arduous and expensive process of obtaining the HCPTC Certificate of Public Convenience and Necessity. All in direct violation of Federal and State preemptions covering the intrastate motor carrier and without any specific statutory authority of the Florida Legislature.
 
 
Walter Kozak
Gunny's Intrastate Travel & Tours
Spring Hill, Fl
(352) 597-8889           
 
 
			
From:	harlan <hbloom@tampabay.rr.com>
Sent:	Monday, July 3, 2006 6:19 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Re: Governor Jeb Bush's IN THE NEWS... Friday, June 30, 2006

I doubt I will get any reply to this, but why is the state spending so much 
money to make sure everyone can understand mexican, but refuses to help 
anyone that could help with the fuel crisis by helping the individual with 
alternative fuels.........


----- Original Message ----- 
From: "Governor Jeb Bush" <jeb.bush@myflorida.com>
To: "Governor Jeb Bush" <jeb.bush@myflorida.com>
Sent: Sunday, July 02, 2006 3:29 PM
Subject: Governor Jeb Bush's IN THE NEWS... Friday, June 30, 2006


> For those E-Newsletter recipients who have Adobe Acrobat reader, Governor
> Bush's e-newsletter is available in .PDF format by clicking here:
>
> http://www.flgov.com/in_the_news
>
> The text version of the e-newsletter is below.
>
>
> BILL CREATING NEW COMMISSION FOR CHARTER SCHOOLS SIGNED INTO LAW
>
> On Monday, I signed House Bill 135, which creates a state-level charter
> school authorizer - the Florida Schools of Excellence Commission. This
> independent statewide commission will directly sponsor charter schools and
> authorize municipalities, state universities, community colleges and
> additional entities to co-sponsor charter schools in Florida, expanding
> educational opportunities for students.  Florida's charter schools offer a
> valuable public school option for students.  This legislation opens the 
> door
> for the expansion of more high quality charter schools in Florida, and the
> newly created Commission will ensure that these schools are held 
> accountable
> for serving student needs.  To learn more about charter schools in 
> Florida,
> visit the Office of Independent Education and Parental Choice Office 
> website
> at www.floridaschoolchoice.org.
>
>
> BILLS TO BENEFIT FLORIDA VETERANS AND ACTIVE DUTY MILITARY TROOPS SIGNED
> INTO LAW
>
> On Monday, I signed into law a series of bills that will provide 
> additional
> benefits to Florida's veterans and active duty military troops. Since 
> 1999,
> the Florida Legislature and I have worked diligently to establish Florida 
> as
> a military and veteran-friendly state.  In 2005, an interim study 
> conducted
> by the U.S. House Military and Veterans' Affairs Committee ranked Florida
> highest overall in providing benefits to veterans.  On behalf of all
> Floridians, I thank our soldiers and veterans for their extraordinary
> dedication and service to our country.  Their selfless dedication to our
> country commands not only our respect and admiration, but also our
> willingness to provide them and their families with assistance to improve
> their quality of life.  For more information on benefits and assistance 
> for
> veterans, please visit www.floridavets.org.
>
>
> RURAL INFRASTRUCTURE GRANT OF MORE THAN $235,000 AWARDED TO FLAGLER COUNTY
>
> On Tuesday, I awarded Flagler County a Rural Infrastructure Fund Grant
> totaling $236,813 to assist in the retention of Sea Ray Boats, Inc., a
> manufacturer of high quality pleasure yachts.   The grant will be used for
> roadway, sidewalks and drainage improvements that will help retain 644
> full-time jobs within Flagler County. These 644 jobs contribute more than
> $21 million to the local economy in annual payroll dollars.  We are proud 
> to
> support Flagler County's efforts to retain an area manufacturer that
> provides more than 51 percent of the county's manufacturing jobs.  The
> infrastructure improvements will ease traffic flow for company employees,
> vendors and residents in nearby neighborhoods.  Florida's Rural
> Infrastructure Fund is a key component of our rural economic development
> efforts.  For more information on Florida's economic development
> initiatives, please visit www.myflorida.com.
>
>
> JIM MCDONOUGH NAMED SECRETARY OF THE FLORIDA DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTIONS
>
> On Thursday, I named Colonel (Ret.) Jim McDonough as Secretary of the
> Florida Department of Corrections. McDonough has recently served as the
> interim Secretary of the Department. The appointment is effective
> immediately. Previously, McDonough served as Director of the Florida 
> Office
> of Drug Control from 1999 to 2006. Prior to his work in the Governor's
> Office, he was Director of Strategy for the Office of National Drug 
> Control
> Policy, the White House agency leading the nation's efforts to reduce drug
> abuse, from 1996-1999.  During the past seven years, Colonel McDonough has
> proven to be a strong and principled leader, dedicated to serving the 
> State
> of Florida.  I am confident he will continue leading the Department of
> Corrections with integrity.   For more information on the Department of
> Corrections, please visit www.myflorida.com or www.dc.state.fl.us.
>
>
> GOVERNOR BUSH PRESENTS POINTS OF LIGHT AWARD TO LAWRENCE RICE
>
> Congratulations!
>
> To read more about this week's winners, please click here:
> http://www.flgov.com/release/7953
>
>
> GOVERNOR BUSH'S 2006 LEGISLATIVE INITIATIVES
>
> Please visit www.govfloridaforum.com.
>
> ____________________________________________________________________
> Volume 8, Issue 26
> Copyright(c) 2006 State of Florida
>
> If you would like to change your subscription or unsubscribe, please go 
> to:
> http://www.myflorida.com/myflorida/subscribe.html
>
>
> Thank you.
>
>
> 


From:	robertp@icdus.com
Sent:	Monday, July 3, 2006 1:15 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush; comments@whitehouse.gov
Subject:	Florida's mobile home residents in a vulnerable state

This story was sent to you by: Robert Perkis

Why don't you surprise me and do something about stopping this crime against citizens of Florida.

--------------------
Florida's mobile home residents in a vulnerable state 
--------------------

By Andrea Fanta
Associated Press Writer

July 2, 2006, 5:49 PM EDT

TALLAHASSEE -- Leo Plenski isn't sleeping well.

The 62-year-old Pinellas County retiree has lived in the same 180-acre mobile home park for 15 years. Recently he received a six-month eviction notice -- his park closes in November to make way for a new condo village.

"You got elderly people here that are really stressed out to the gills,'' he said. ``We have heart attacks here on a daily basis. Where are you going to put these people? They're elderly, they're veterans, they're on Social Security. I don't know what we're going to do with them.''

Plenski is one of thousands of mobile home residents statewide who could eventually find themselves with no place to move as parks close because their owners can make more money selling to developers. Combine that with hurricanes and rising insurance costs, and the pressures on mobile home residents to find another type of housing are immense.

"We're looking at tomorrow's homeless,'' said Jami Ross, a housing advocate with the nonprofit 1000 Friends of Florida organization. ``I feel like we're looking at a part of history. Decades from now, the mobile home lifestyle will have disappeared.''

One problem, housing experts say, is that information about mobile home owners is scarce -- one researcher called it Florida's "informational black hole.''

For example, neither state agencies nor nonprofit organizations serving mobile home owners can even pinpoint how many manufactured home residents live in Florida. Estimates run anywhere from nearly 532,000 to 1.2 million mobile home units. Census data from 2000 shows that 10 percent of Floridians live in manufactured housing -- that would put the number at about 1 million.

Housing experts mostly rely on anecdotal evidence to paint a picture of Florida's manufactured home dwellers.

Some are snowbirds, retirees who come to Florida and sink considerable savings into their mobile homes. Many are working poor and disabled Floridians who can't afford to live anywhere else. Others are elderly Floridians who live on a fixed income.

These residents face three major pressures, they say.

The first is hurricanes. Last year's storms, most notably Hurricane Wilma, destroyed nearly 2,000 mobile homes across the state. Residents living on fixed incomes can't afford to make repairs.

New building codes enacted in 1994 after Hurricane Andrew ensure that today's mobile homes can withstand 100 mph winds. But nearly 858,000 manufactured home units, or 74 percent of Florida's manufactured homes, were built pre-Andrew.

The second is insurance, which is becoming impossible to find and very expensive, said Anthony Pinzone, who's lived on a 211-acre mobile home park in Sarasota County for the past decade. He and his wife had to look for another insurer when their former company pulled out of the Florida market.

``I couldn't find any,'' he said. ``It's very expensive and extremely difficult to find. I was forced to go into Citizens,'' the state's insurer of last resort. His premiums doubled; he now pays about $600 a year.

The third is park closings. Since 2003, nearly 70 mobile home parks have closed, according to Florida's department of business regulation. There are about 5,825 parks.

Those last-standing parks are going to disappear quickly if things don't change, said Travis Moore, a lobbyist for the Alliance of Park Residents. As the rush to find undeveloped land in Florida continues, mobile home parks will become the last frontier.

If mobile home owners have to move, they can get up to $3,000 in relocation assistance from the state. But not all manufactured housing is mobile, so some evicted residents who may have paid upward of $100,000 for stationary manufactured housing lose their investment, Moore said.

Even if they can afford to move, there's nowhere left to go, said Dave Bruns, Florida's AARP spokesman.

``Where are they going to go?'' he said. ``People are not building more mobile home parks.''

This is especially hard for elderly residents, Bruns said. Census data shows about 15 percent of households headed by someone 75 years or older live in manufactured housing. And, according to AARP, one in five Floridians 65 years or older lives on a $960 monthly Social Security payment. After they pay for housing, health care and groceries, they can't afford to move, Bruns said.

Plus, they suffer psychologically, said Don Hazelton, a retired attorney and past president of the Florida Federation of Manufactured Home Owners.

``What they lose is people who can drive, people who'll get their groceries for them, their medicine for them,'' he said. ``They're going to lose that camaraderie, and I think that's what bothers them the most.''

Housing experts offers several solutions for protecting manufactured home living in Florida.


- Stop the blame game. ``Who's to blame?'' Hazelton said. Not the developer who's doing his job, not the city that wants to attract new investment and not the mobile park owner who's tired and wants to sell.

``It's the economics of the day,'' he said. ``You can call the developers greedy, you can call the park owners greedy -- that's not greed, that's a simple business deal.'' Some developers even pay displaced mobile home owners to help them move. Don't get angry, Hazelton said -- get creative about statewide solutions.


- Retrofit homes. This will help bring insurance costs down, said Nancy Stewart, a lobbyist for the Federation of Manufactured Home Owners. She helped pass a bill this spring to provide $7.5 million for manufactured home owners to retrofit their anchors, windows, roofs, doors and attachments.


- Allow flexible insurance payments. Part of this bill will also allow some manufactured home owners to pay their insurance premiums in installments, making it easier to cope with these costs, Stewart said.


- Tighten rules surrounding park sales. Moore wants to modify existing law to require park owners to notify residents every time they get an offer for their land _ right now, they only have to disclose offers they solicit. This will give residents more time to form a homeowners association, match the offer and buy the park themselves, Moore said.


- Build better cities. In the long-term, building more transportation-friendly communities with multifamily housing for seniors will help elderly residents transition into new living arrangements, Bruns said.

In the meantime, Plenski will look for another home and hope he and his neighbors have good luck, he said. For them, solutions can't come too soon.

``It's just unbelievable what they're putting these people through,'' he said. ``There's gotta be a solution.'' 

Copyright (c) 2006, South Florida Sun-Sentinel 

Visit Sun-Sentinel.com
From:	Tina Heart <tinaheart@bellsouth.net>
Sent:	Monday, July 3, 2006 1:11 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Arsenic in our Food
Attachments:	Tina Heart.vcf

Will someone please take the time to read the articles regarding arsenic in our foods & food containers.
 
What is happening to great this country USA.
 
I think it's time we study Europe a little closer.
 
Below you will find a link to a few of these articles.
 
www.environmentalobservatory.org
Thank you, 
 
 
From:	FOXYFAYE2004@aol.com
Sent:	Monday, July 3, 2006 12:30 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	PLEASE STOP GIVING AMERICA AWAY

ENOUGH MR BUSH WE AMERICANS HAVE HAD ENOUGH ....... STOP GIVING OUR HARD EARNED TAX DOLLARS AWAY TO ILLEGAL PEOPLE WHO CAME HERE THE WRONG WAY.... WHY ARE YOU ALLOWING THIS TO HAPPEN......WHO IS OUR GOVERNMENT WORKING FOR........WE VOTED YOU IN AND WE WILL VOTE YOU OUT WE AMERICANS ARE JUST PLAIN FED UP.......IF YOU LOOK AROUND ON THE STREETS OUR TOWNS ARE NOT THE SAME.... everywhere we go we have to push dam buttons to speak english...our religion has been affected because we have people coming over who dont like it and it offends them....wake up mr bush  .....how can you guys sleep at night ...you will be out of office one day and your kids and grandkids are the ones that will pay.....cause you are giving all our jobs away... you made a statement that who will pick the fields and who will do the jobs that you say americans wont do ......hog wash... after these illegal immirgrants demand there rights here and want America to give them free schooling and  free housing  and college education and then they demand that we are being unfair so then we have to give the work force the allotment of mexicans and arabs in the work force..........  so then the True Americans will be out of more jobs....... so when they demand there part  in the American work force ....... WHAT WILL YOU DO THEN OPEN UP THE BORDERS AND LET THE CUBIANS IN TO PIC THE FIELDS... I LIVE IN A SMALL TOWN IN MICHIGAN AND IT WAS A NICE COUNTRY TOWN NOW ITS FULLLLLLLLLL OF ILLEGAL IMMIGRANTS  OUR NEIGHBORHOODS WILL BE RUN DOWN BEFORE LONG THIS IS HAPPENING ALL OVER AMERICA......CALL ME A RACIST ALL YOU WANT YES IM BECOMING ONE BECAUSE OF HOW WE ARE BEING TREATED.......BY OUR OWN GOVERNMENT.  WE THE PEOPLE DEPENDED ON OUR GOVERNMENT  NOW AMERICANS ARE SEEING JUST WHAT OUR GOVERNMENT IS DOING AND NOT DOING FOR AMERICA.........  WHERE DID OUR AMERICA GO HOW CAN ALL YOU POLITICIONS  LIVE WITH THE FACT YOU SOLD AMERICA OUT........  IM 52 AND IM SO GLAD I HAD SEEN WHAT AMERICA STOOD FOR WHEN WE HAD POLITICIONS DEFENDING AMERICA AND WHAT IT STOOD FOR.........ALL THE AMERICANS THAT DIED FOR THIS COUNTRY,,,,,,,  YOU ALL HAVE SHAMED AMERICA........GOD HELP OUR COUNTRY........IF THIS WORLD IS AROUND FOR ANOTHER 50 YEARS WHICH I DOUBT IT.....  THERE WILL BE BOOKS IN THE LIBRARY TALKING HOW AMERICA USED TO BE  ......... WHEN WE HAD FARM LANDS,,,,, MADE IN USA ON OUR FURNITURE,,,,,,MADE IN USA OUR CLOTHES.........,MADE IN USA ON ALL OUR STUFF.......... AMERICA DEPENDS ON EVERYTHNG FROM OTHER COUNTRIES...... WHAT HAPPENED!!!!!!!!!!      THE GOVERNMET HAS SOLD US OUT........  WAKE UP!!!!!!!!      A TRUE AMERICAN .........WHO CARES FOR HER COUNTRY............AND ITS FUTURE.....FOR THE KIDS AND GRANDKIDS OF AMERICA...        I JUST HEARD YOU WANT TO SIGN TO LET THE ILLEGAL IMMIGRANTS HAVE RIGHTS TO SOCIAL SECURITY WE THE PEOPLE SAY HELLLLLLLLLLLLLLL NO .............
From:	careipowelljcoc@aol.com
Sent:	Sunday, July 2, 2006 11:03 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	FRIEND OF WILLIAM CHRISTOPHER VILLAR'S MOTHER'S

TRIBUTE TO WILLIAM CHRISTOPHER VILLAR -- (Senate - June 27, 2006)


[Page: S6557] GPO's PDF
---[Begin Insert]

Mr. MARTINEZ. Mr. President, today I wish to share with you the story of a remarkable young man from Milton, FL. William Christopher Villar, by all surface accounts, was your typical 22-year-old. He was attending community college with the hopes of one day obtaining a degree in business. He was working at a job that he loved, and he had recently gotten engaged to his long time sweetheart, Heather Dieterich. His life was unfolding the way we hope that all of our children's lives will eventually unfold. 

Certainly, it was not these things or even the fact that, as a young man, he was actively involved with his church that made him atypical. And it was not the fact that he was a star on the basketball court--making the All-Conference and All-State teams his senior year at Central High School in Santa Rosa County--a high school he entered after being home schooled for a number of years. Quite simply, it was his selflessness and his unyielding love for his family that set him apart. 

Chris was the oldest of three boys. As such, he was fiercely protective of his younger brothers. There is a story the family tells about an accident that happened 12 years ago that illustrates this best: Chris and Jacob, his youngest brother, were riding in the back seat of their father's car when the driver of a large recreational vehicle, coming over the peak of the I-10 bridge between Santa Rosa and Escambia counties, failed to slow down for a disabled vehicle. The significantly larger vehicle collided with Villar's car with devastating force. Chris, in an instinctive moment and without thinking of his own safety, grabbed his 2-year-old brother Jacob--perched high in his car seat--and threw his own 10-year-old body over him to save him. That should tell you volumes about the kind of person Chris Villar was. 

By and large, the people who knew Chris all said the same things about him: He was a ``good boy'' and he had been ``raised right.'' That is a compliment we hear far too infrequently these days, but it is a testament to his parents. It should make them proud. 

I wish I could tell you that the story ends there that this exceptional boy will one day become an exceptional man, an exceptional husband, and an exceptional dad. Unfortunately, on the evening of Thursday, June 15, Christopher Villar's life came to a tragic end when a car driven by a drunk driver crashed through the roof of his family's home. This was an avoidable tragedy. This is a grave reminder of the dangers of driving while under the influence. 

[Page: S6558] GPO's PDF Just moments before this tragedy began to unfold, Chris, like so many of us, had been enjoying the NBA playoffs with his family. He was a New York Knicks fan but pulled for the Miami Heat in this series as a way to tease his younger brother, Matt. They were kidding about it, as brothers do, when a loud noise was heard in the front yard. Whether it was the sheer instinct of a protective older brother, the hand of God, or both, Chris pushed Matt away from himself and toward the middle of his room just as the car crashed through the ceiling. In that instant, it was over. If any good can be found in this tragedy, it is that one life was lost instead of two. Once again, Chris hadn't thought of himself. 

Mr. President, these words do nothing to ease the pain the friends and family of William Christopher Villar are feeling today. Their void is a void that no words can fill. I share them with you because this remarkable young man deserves to be remembered, not for the tragic accident that took his life but for the positive impact he had on the lives of others. 

[End Insert]
 
Governor Bush,
 
 I am a friend of Chris' mother. She thinks that Chris' life and death can make a difference in Florida. Please make her nightmare more tolerable and pass laws that punish and protect the public innocents like Chris from people who drink and drive like the one that killed him 3 weeks ago. We need you to. It's a matter of life and death for us all.
 
Sincerely
Carei Powell
Virginia Beach, VA  23451

  _____  

MailScanner has detected a possible fraud attempt from "pr.atwola.com" claiming to be Check out AOL.com today. Breaking news, video search, pictures, email and IM. All on demand. Always Free.

From:	Tati <tigatt28@yahoo.com>
Sent:	Sunday, July 2, 2006 9:44 PM
To:	tatitt0528@bellsouth.net
Cc:	Germeille, Nancy (Mayor's Office)
Subject:	RE: RITA A. CRESPO      133405 Assignment from the County Manager


Dear Mr: Alvarez & Mr. Bush:

I WOULD LIKE TO BRING TO YOUR ATTENTION SOMETHING THAT I SEE GOING ON IN THE PUBLIC HOUSING AGENCY. FIRST OF ALL I BELIEVE THERE IS DISCRIMINATION AGAINST HISPANICS. ACCORDING TO THE ATTACHED SITE FOR TENANT HOUSING. THEY ARE SUPPOSE TO GIVE YOU A VOUCHER AND YOU CAN LOOK IN WHATEVER AREA YOU WISH IN THE UNITED STATES.
 
WELL THAT IS NOT WHAT THEY ARE DOING IN HOUSING.
 
WHAT THEY DO THERE IS OFFER YOU 2 UNITS IN LIBERTY CITY (VERY BAD NEIGHBORHOOD) SO THAT YOU CAN DENY THEM. AND BASICALLY WHAT THEY DO IS FOR YOU TO GET QUICKLY DISCOURAGED AND FORGET ABOUT THE FACT THAT YOU EVEN APPLIED FOR HOUSING.
 
I BELIEVE YOU SHOULD SEE WHATS GOING ON IN THIS DEPARTMENT B/C SOMETHING IS DEFINITELY GOING WRONG. AND I REPEAT WITH HISPANICS.
 
I APPLIED SINCE APRIL OF LAST YEAR. ALL THEY DID WAS OFFER ME SOMETHING IN LIBERTY CITY SO THAT I CAN DENY IT OF COARSE. 
 
AND THEY DON'T EVEN BOTHER CALLING ABOUT YOUR SECTION 8 VOUCHER. THIS IS RIDICULOUS ALREADY IT REALLY IS.
 
MR. ALVAREZ I JUST WANTED TO BRING THIS TO YOUR ATTENTION THAT HOUSING IS NOT DOING WHAT THEY ARE SUPPOSE TO BE DOING. BECAUSE ACCORDING TO THE HUD SITE AS YOU CAN READ YOURSELF IN THE ATTACHED EMAIL. YOU CAN LOOK WHERE YOU WISH TO LIVE. IT'S NOT LIKE THEY TELL YOU THAT YOU HAVE TO TAKE WHAT THEY OFFER YOU.
 
THANK YOU FOR LISTENING. JUST WANTED YOU TO KNOW WHAT DISABLED PEOPLE HAVE TO GO THROUGH FOR HELP.

 


Tenant Based Vouchers

 	 	 	 	
Web Bug from http://www.hud.gov/images/common/hgv-fmt-space.gif	   Information by State
  Esta paging en español
  Print version
  Email this to a friend
	Web Bug from http://www.hud.gov/images/common/hgv-fmt-space.gif	
 	Web Bug from http://www.hud.gov/images/common/hgv-fmt-space.gif	  	
 

  -- 	 
Jump to... 	  -- 	
  -  	 What are tenant-based vouchers?	
  -  	 What organizations are eligible to apply for tenant-based voucher funding at HUD?	
  -  	 How do PHAs apply for tenant-based voucher funding?	
  -  	 What families are eligible to apply for tenant-based vouchers?	
  -  	 How does a PHA determine if a family is income eligible?	
  -  	 How do families obtain tenant-based vouchers? 	
  -  	 How does a family obtain an apartment once they have a voucher?	
  -  	 How much rent do vouchers cover?	
  -  	 Do families have to lease a unit in the jurisdiction where the PHA issues the voucher?	
  -  	 What regulations cover this program?	
  	 
Related Information 	  	
  -  	 Forms and guidance	
  -  	 24 CFR Part 982	
  -  	 PIH Notices	
  -  	 Negotiated Rulemaking Advisory Committee	

What are tenant-based vouchers?
Tenant-based vouchers increase affordable housing choices for very low-income families. Families with a tenant-based voucher choose and lease safe, decent, and affordable privately-owned rental housing.
What organizations are eligible to apply for tenant-based voucher funding from HUD?
PHAs authorized under State law to develop or operate housing assistance programs may apply for funding.

How do PHAs apply for tenant-based voucher funding?
PHAs respond to notices of funding availability (NOFAs) published in the Federal Register. Each NOFA identifies allocation areas, amount of funds available per area, and the selection criteria for rating and ranking applications.

What families are eligible to apply for tenant-based vouchers?
Very low-income families (i.e families with incomes below 50% of area median income) and a few specific categories of families with incomes up to 80% of the area median income. These include families that are already assisted under the 1937 U.S. Housing Act, such as families physically displaced by public housing demolition, and owners opting out of project-based section 8 housing assistance payments (HAP) contracts. (HUD determines median income levels for each area annually.)
How does a PHA determine if a family is income eligible?
The PHA compares the family's annual income (gross income) with the HUD-established very low-income limit or low-income limit for the area. The family's gross income cannot exceed this limit. 
How do families obtain tenant-based vouchers?
Families apply to a local public housing agency (PHA) that administers this program. When an eligible family comes to the top of the PHA's housing choice voucher waiting list, the PHA issues a housing choice voucher to the family. 
How does a family obtain an apartment once they have a voucher?
It is the responsibility of a family to find a unit that meets their needs. If the family finds a unit that meets the housing quality standards, the rent is reasonable, and the unit meets other program requirements, the PHA executes a HAP contract with the property owner. This contract authorizes the PHA to make subsidy payments on behalf of the family. If the family moves out of the unit, the contract with the owner ends and the family can move with continued assistance to another unit.
How much rent do vouchers cover?
The PHA pays the owner the difference between 30 percent of adjusted family income and a PHA determined payment standard or the gross rent for the unit, whichever is lower. The family may choose a unit with a higher rent than the payment standard and pay the owner the difference.
Do families have to lease a unit in the jurisdiction where the PHA issued the voucher?
No. A family may choose a unit anywhere in the United States where there is a PHA that administers a tenant-based housing choice voucher program. However, the family may only use the voucher to lease a unit in an area where the family is income eligible at admission to the program. 
What regulations cover this program?
Regulations are found at 24 CFR Part 982.
  	
 	
Content updated August 9, 2001 	 	 	
 
 
 


"Germeille, Nancy (Mayor's Office)" <NANG@miamidade.gov> wrote:

You’re quite welcome Ms. Crespo and we are glad to have been of service to you.
 
Thank you again,
 
Nancy
 

  _____  

From: Tati [mailto:tigatt28@yahoo.com] 
Sent: Thursday, September 08, 2005 6:02 PM
To: Germeille, Nancy (Mayor's Office)
Subject: RE: RITA A. CRESPO 133405 Assignment from the County Manager
 
THANK YOU VERY MUCH FOR YOUR REPLY AND MOST OF ALL FOR YOUR HELP.
 
REGARDS,
RITA A. CRESPO

"Germeille, Nancy (Mayor's Office)" <NANG@miamidade.gov> wrote:

Ms. Rita A. Crespo
Tigatt28@yahoo.com
 
Thank you for your recent e-mail.  Millie Garcia-Navarro, Director of Constituent Services has forwarded your concerns for me to follow-up.  Accordingly, I have sent a copy of your e-mail to the County Manager for appropriate action.
 
We appreciate your bringing this matter to our attention.  Be assured that your request will be appropriately reviewed.  If we may be of further assistance on any other matter, please do not hesitate to contact our office.
 
Sincerely,
 
Nancy Germeille
Assistant to the Director of Constituent Services
Office of the Mayor
111 NW 1st Street, 29th Floor
Miami, Florida 33128
Phone:  305-375-5071
Fax:      305-372-6039
E-mail:  nang@miamidade.gov
 

  _____  

From: Tati [mailto:tigatt28@yahoo.com] 
Sent: Monday, September 05, 2005 12:17 AM
To: MILLIEG@miamidade.gov
Cc: CARLOS ALVAREZ
Subject: RITA A. CRESPO 133405 Assignment from the County Manager
 
DEAR MR. ALVAREZ,
 
I SENT YOU AN EMAIL AROUND 6 MONTHS AGO TO SEE IF THERE WAS ANY WAY YOU CAN HELP ME OUT WITH MY SECTION 8 APPLICATION. I PUT IN AN APPLICATION BACK IN APRIL AND HAVE HEARD NOTHING YET. I DID SENT IN THE APPLICATION CERTIFIED AND DID RECEIVE THE GREEN CARD BACK STATING THAT THEY DID RECEIVE MY APPLICATION. BUT EVERY TIME I CALL THE AUTOMATED SERVICE IT SAYS THEY HAVE NO RECORD OF MY SOCIAL SECURITY FOR ANY OF THE PROGRAMS THEY HAVE. 
 
I SPOKE TO MRS. PAT HOWARD AND SHE ASKED ME TO FAX HER A COPY OF THE FRONT AND BACK OF THE GREEN CARD. AND I DID THAT. SPOKE TO HER AGAIN SHE SAID SHE DID RECEIVE IT. I BELIEVE SHE HANDED IT TO IRENE TAYLOR-WOOTEN(DHS) OR TO JOYCE OLIVER (CMO).
 
ACCORDING TO THEIR WEBSITE BY MID AUGUST THEY WERE GOING TO HAVE A NEW WAITING LIST READY. AND EVERY TIME I CALL EVERYONE TELLS ME SOMETHING DIFFERENT. AND OTHERS TELL ME THAT THEY ARE PROCESSING THE APPLICATIONS. OTHERS TELL ME THAT THEY ARE STILL WORKING ON THE APPLICATIONS FROM 2 YEARS BACK. I THOUGHT THAT WHEN THEY REOPEN THE APPLICATION PROCESS THEY DELETE THE OLD ONE AND EVERYONE HAS TO REAPPLY. THIS IS RIDICULOUS. THERE ARE PEOPLE OUT THERE IN NEED LIKE MYSELF. I AM DISABLED DUE TO AN ILLNESS. I AM A VERY SICK PERSON, AND MY ROOMMATE WILL BE MOVING OUT SHE'S WILLING TO WAIT UNTIL I SOLVE MY SECTION 8 ISSUE BUT SHE DOES WANT TO MOVE BY APRIL AND SHE DOES NOT WANT TO RENEW THE LEASE. SO THIS IS A FOR SURE THING. PLEASE DO SOMETHING FOR ME.
 
I HAVE BEEN TRYING TO APPLY FOR SECTION 8 FOR ALMOST 3 YEARS AND EVERY TIME I WOULD CALL THEY WOULD ALWAYS TELL ME THE THE APPLICATIONS WERE CLOSED. THIS IS REALLY RIDICULOUS. BECAUSE SOME PEOPLE APPLY AND THEY GIVE THEM A VOUCHER IN A MATTER OF 3 MONTHS. I AM A SINGLE PERSON I DO NOT HAVE KIDS. WHY WOULD IT BE SO DIFFICULT FOR THEM TO HELP ME OUT WITH A SECTION 8 VOUCHER FOR A 1 BEDROOM APARTMENT?
 
OR CAN YOU PLEASE TELL ME WHAT ELSE I CAN DO TO GET THROUGH TO HOUSING TO HELP ME OUT. MY GOD I HAVE BEEN TRYING FOR 3 YEARS TO APPLY. AND NOW IN APRIL WAS WHEN I WAS ABLE TO. 
 
THE REASON WHY I NEED SECTION 8 VOUCHER PROGRAM IS BECAUSE I LIVE 2 BLOCKS AWAY FROM MY PARENTS IN THE FOUNTAINBLEAU & SWEET WATER AREA WHICH THEY ARE THE ONES THAT HELP ME OUT WITH ALL MY DAILY ACTIVITIES. AND THEY NEED TO BE NEAR ME BECAUSE I GET VERY VERY ILL SOMETIMES AND MY PARENTS HAVE TO STAY WITH ME UNTIL I GET BETTER. 
 
PLEASE FIND A SPACE IN YOUR HEART AND HELP ME OUT HERE I REALLY NEED YOUR HELP. MY ROOMMATE IS MOVING OUT BY APRIL AND I NEED AN APARTMENT BY THEN PLEASE HELP.....
 
THOSE OTHER HELPS THEY OFFER ARE IN BAD NEIGHBORHOODS AND I CANNOT LIVE FAR FROM MY FAMILY THAT HAS TO HELP ME EVERY SINGLE DAY.
 
THANK YOU SO MUCH FOR YOUR KIND HELP.
 
AND I AM VERY SORRY TO BOTHER YOU AGAIN WITH THIS ISSUE. BUT I AM GETTING VERY SICK AND STRESSED OUT WITH ALL THIS AND GETTING AGGRAVATED IS NOT GOOD FOR MY ILLNESS. SO THAT'S WHY I AM PRACTICALLY BEGGING ALREADY. BECAUSE THIS IS VERY FRUSTRATING.
 
IF THEY NEED A LETTER FROM MY DOCTOR OR ANYTHING THEY NEED TO SPEED UP THE PROCESS I WILL PROVIDE THEM WITH WHATEVER THEY NEED.
 
THANKS ONCE AGAIN. AND I'M SORRY FOR THE BOTHER. I HOPE YOU AND MR. ALVAREZ CAN UNDERSTAND MY DESPERATE SITUATION.
 
I SENT AN EMAIL ALSO TO THE SWEET WATER COMMISSIONER'S WIFE JENNIFER MUNOZ-MORO NO. I DON'T KNOW WHAT ELSE TO DO.
 
PLEASE HELP!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 
THANKS 
 
REGARDS,
RITA A. CRISP
 
 
 
 
__________________________________________________
Do You Yahoo!?
Tired of spam? Yahoo! Mail has the best spam protection around 
http://mail.yahoo.com 


  _____  

Click here to donate to the Hurricane Katrina relief effort.


From:	harvey  ward <deafyharv@bellsouth.net>
Sent:	Sunday, July 2, 2006 9:14 PM
To:	Jan Bergemann
Cc:	Governor Jeb Bush; Alfred Quillia; Ken Stein; Christina Mosqueda; kascarcella@aol.com; audreyw1023@bellsouth.net; Joan Williams; Angela Kay; Martha Holm; David Louis Holm; Lewis Goodman; Linda J Parker; Jean O'Rourke; Simon & Cathy Gleicher; RJGLUCKMAN@aol.com; AHKarp1948@aol.com
Subject:	Re: Homeowners' Associations -- A good place to come home to?

When current Pres. George Bush won office, he stated " I am a Uniter, not a Divider"..........  the rest is history including the past actions of his brother, Florida Gov. Jeb Bush! 
Since Jeb's veto of a recent homeowner association bill... I must say a rare "kudos" long overdue.
Now get him to give the DBPR a long and deep literal "kick in the pants" to really sober up and clean house into enforcing and performing their legislative mandates duties!
                                                                  Harv   

----- Original Message ----- 
From: Jan Bergemann 
To: Governor Jeb Bush 
Sent: Monday, June 26, 2006 10:40 AM
Subject: Homeowners' Associations -- A good place to come home to?

CCFJ, Inc, Dispatch -- Please Distribute Widely! 
June 26 , 2006
 
Dear Governor, Florida Legislators, Friends and Members,
I have tried to say this for many years, but it seems many legislators just don't want to see the writing on the wall. More and more owners realize that the concept is great, but the system as created -- without accountability and easy enforcement of the laws -- fails the homeowners -- miserably! Read below today's comment from the Florida Sun Sentinel. It plainly says it all! Serious legislative changes are necessary if we want to solve this growing problem! Band-aids won't do!
 
Warm Regards,
Jan Bergemann, President
Cyber Citizens For Justice, Inc.
http://www.ccfj.net/ 
  _____  

A good place to come home to?
SUN SENTINEL
By Wayne T. Moses 
Posted June 26 2006 
http://www.ccfj.net/HOAFLHOAHOME.html
The idea of creating homeowners associations isn't new, but the way it's done has changed in recent years, because service providers such as management companies and attorneys have realized that these associations are a great cash cow. 
 
The reason: Legislators all around the nation created laws governing HOAs -- ambiguous laws, easy to interpret any which way you want to twist them and nearly unenforceable. 
 
There is no accountability demanded of the people in charge, but they have the money to fight you in a court of law -- right or wrong. Many owners don't lose in court because they violated the laws and/or rules; they lose because they plainly run out of money to fight for their rights.
 
This opens the door for all kinds of shenanigans -- from just plain power-hungry board members to greedy managers and attorneys. The money is always there, and don't forget, your home is collateral for any bills they create. 
 
It is our responsibility as the owners to change that. We may not have the finances the industry is putting up to defeat owner-friendly bills, but we have the power of numbers. Together we have a chance to create the necessary changes that will help us to turn our communities back into friendly neighborhoods!
 
Our property values will not go up because we all have the same beige-colored doors. Our communities will not get better because we all have the same peach-colored shingles, or whatever color the board president's wife likes. Our neighborhood will not be more neighborly because the condo commando is running around with a notepad writing violation notices for flowers with too bright colors in the front yards. 
 
And it surely doesn't improve our lifestyle if our board forecloses on a family for small amounts of unpaid dues! Is that what our society should stand for?
 
We need to get back to the better times when neighbors talked to neighbors, communities helped families in need and everybody respected each other as neighbors and human beings!
 
These better times will only return if we all work together to create the laws that will stop most of these shenanigans.
 
United, we can convince our legislators that they need to create the laws and enforcement of such laws that help to make our communities good places to come home to! Everyone's help is needed to help us achieve our goal: fairness in all associations.
 
Dr. Wayne T. Moses lives in Boca Raton and is the President of The Humanitarian Society, Inc..
http://www.beledy.net/humanit/

From:	CaptainJorgensen@aol.com
Sent:	Sunday, July 2, 2006 8:28 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Re: Governor Jeb Bush's IN THE NEWS... Friday, June 30, 2006

Hi Jeb
 
I enjoy getting your newsletters.
 
I am a Realtor in the Ft. Myers Area. I also am a realtor in Minneapolis area. 
 
Florida under your control has been very good to me. Thank you for running the State so well. I appreciate it. You do make a difference.
 
I was a United Captain who quit early when I had my retirement extracted from me....but found a better replacement in the State of Florida. My production for my first year in sales was $58,500,000. Thanks to the environment you helped to create.
 
If you or anyone in your Family would like to do something fun if any of you ever get to Minnesota...look me up. I have one of the nicest float planes in the world. I have a former Northwest mechanic that works for me full time. He maintains the airplanes in pristine condition.
 
If you ever decide make a run for the whitehouse, I would be happy to support you.
 

 

 

Thanks ! 

 
Bruce A Jorgensen     
 
Bruce A. Jorgensen   (Licensed Real Estate Broker)
The Jorgensen Group   
612-239-1581 cell
239-823-4064 cell
brucejorgensen@topproducer.com

From:	Tracy Thompson <gorgiapimp@yahoo.com>
Sent:	Sunday, July 2, 2006 6:45 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Re: Governor Jeb Bush's IN THE NEWS... Friday, June 30, 2006

bush write me back say hi or something


Governor Jeb Bush <jeb.bush@myflorida.com> wrote:

For those E-Newsletter recipients who have Adobe Acrobat reader, Governor
Bush's e-newsletter is available in .PDF format by clicking here:

http://www.flgov.com/in_the_news

The text version of the e-newsletter is below.


BILL CREATING NEW COMMISSION FOR CHARTER SCHOOLS SIGNED INTO LAW

On Monday, I signed House Bill 135, which creates a state-level charter
school authorizer - the Florida Schools of Excellence Commission. This
independent statewide commission will directly sponsor charter schools and
authorize municipalities, state universities, community colleges and
additional entities to co-sponsor charter schools in Florida, expanding
educational opportunities for students. Florida's charter schools offer a
valuable public school option for students. This legislation opens the door
for the expansion of more high quality charter schools in Florida, and the
newly created Commission will ensure that these schools are held accountable
for serving student needs. To learn more about charter schools in Florida,
visit the Office of Independent Education and Parental Choice Office website
at www.floridaschoolchoice.org. 


BILLS TO BENEFIT FLORIDA VETERANS AND ACTIVE DUTY MILITARY TROOPS SIGNED
INTO LAW

On Monday, I signed into law a series of bills that will provide additional
benefits to Florida's veterans and active duty military troops. Since 1999,
the Florida Legislature and I have worked diligently to establish Florida as
a military and veteran-friendly state. In 2005, an interim study conducted
by the U.S. House Military and Veterans' Affairs Committee ranked Florida
highest overall in providing benefits to veterans. On behalf of all
Floridians, I thank our soldiers and veterans for their extraordinary
dedication and service to our country. Their selfless dedication to our
country commands not only our respect and admiration, but also our
willingness to provide them and their families with assistance to improve
their quality of life. For more information on benefits and assistance for
veterans, please visit www.floridavets.org.


RURAL INFRASTRUCTURE GRANT OF MORE THAN $235,000 AWARDED TO FLAGLER COUNTY

On Tuesday, I awarded Flagler County a Rural Infrastructure Fund Grant
totaling $236,813 to assist in the retention of Sea Ray Boats, Inc., a
manufacturer of high quality pleasure yachts. The grant will be used for
roadway, sidewalks and drainage improvements that will help retain 644
full-time jobs within Flagler County. These 644 jobs contribute more than
$21 million to the local economy in annual payroll dollars. We are proud to
support Flagler County's efforts to retain an area manufacturer that
provides more than 51 percent of the county's manufacturing jobs. The
infrastructure improvements will ease traffic flow for company employees,
vendors and residents in nearby neighborhoods. Florida's Rural
Infrastructure Fund is a key component of our rural economic development
efforts. For more information on Florida's economic development
initiatives, please visit www.myflorida.com.


JIM MCDONOUGH NAMED SECRETARY OF THE FLORIDA DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTIONS

On Thursday, I named Colonel (Ret.) Jim McDonough as Secretary of the
Florida Department of Corrections. McDonough has recently served as the
interim Secretary of the Department. The appointment is effective
immediately. Previously, McDonough served as Director of the Florida Office
of Drug Control from 1999 to 2006. Prior to his work in the Governor's
Office, he was Director of Strategy for the Office of National Drug Control
Policy, the White House agency leading the nation's efforts to reduce drug
abuse, from 1996-1999. During the past seven years, Colonel McDonough has
proven to be a strong and principled leader, dedicated to serving the State
of Florida. I am confident he will continue leading the Department of
Corrections with integrity. For more information on the Department of
Corrections, please visit www.myflorida.com or www.dc.state.fl.us.


GOVERNOR BUSH PRESENTS POINTS OF LIGHT AWARD TO LAWRENCE RICE

Congratulations!

To read more about this week's winners, please click here: 
http://www.flgov.com/release/7953


GOVERNOR BUSH'S 2006 LEGISLATIVE INITIATIVES

Please visit www.govfloridaforum.com.

____________________________________________________________________
Volume 8, Issue 26
Copyright(c) 2006 State of Florida

If you would like to change your subscription or unsubscribe, please go to:
http://www.myflorida.com/myflorida/subscribe.html


Thank you.






  _____  

Want to be your own boss? Learn how on Yahoo! Small Business. 
From:	Laika Morgan <whistleblow2k6@yahoo.com>
Sent:	Sunday, July 2, 2006 6:34 PM
To:	Kirby Mole
Cc:	cecil.bragg@dot.state.fl.us; Governor Jeb Bush; kempk@dor.state.fl.us; kkemp@psc.state.fl.us; marta.mcpherson@dms.myflorida.com; Leslie, Pamela; Kathryn Parker; Denver Stutler
Subject:	[*] Misappropriations of Public Funds and Fraud
Attachments:	1171097870-jobArrangement.doc

To: Kirby J. Mole, CGAP, CIA, CIG, Inspector General
From: Whistleblow2K6
Date: June 29, 2006
Re: Misappropriations of Public Funds and Fraud.
 
Kirby J. Mole:
 
In April 2006, Mr. Gustavo Pego announced at an impromptu meeting with the SunGuide staff in the 1st floor conference room in the 1001 NW 111 Ave building, that Mr. Rory Santana was being demoted as the Traffic Operations Engineer in charge of Traffic Operations in district 6, Florida Department Of Transportation (FDOT), Miami, FL. The reason(s) was not announced, but knowing that Mr. Santana is an untactful individual, you could draw some conclusions. Mr. Santana’s old position number was used to place Ms. Debora Rivera in the position of the Head of Traffic Operations.
 
You can reference Mr. Santana’s disposition by calling Mr. Pepe Diaz, or calling Colonel Christopher Knight, the Florida Highway Patrol (FHP), Director, Mr. Santana was rude and condescending on calls with Colonel Knight and his staff on matters of the SunGuide building co-location efforts.
 
According to Mr. Pego, Mr. Santana was demoted and was to temporarily report to SunGuide operations until final discharge. In a matter of 6 weeks, Mr. Pego, Mr. Santana, Mr. Jesus A. Martinez, Mr. Brian Arena, had put together and enacted a plan that would land Mr. Santana a position that did not exist in traffic operations or SunGuide that would gain Mr. Santana a salary between $90,000 to $100,000 per year, that salary being close to what Mr. Santana was making before Mr. Santana was demoted, would of course create less work for at or about the same compensation.
 
The obstacles that were overcome in doing this were:
 

*	Create a position called the Intelligent Transportation Systems (ITS) Manager, (this description never existed), that Mr. Rory Santana would work as.
*	Create a C-1 or job description for the ITS Manager (Mr. Santana) that would give Mr. Santana the duties and responsibilities that would put enough FDOT personnel underneath Mr. Santana that way Mr. Santana could use the title Manager (Mr. Brian Arena’s advise).
*	Misappropriate a position from District 6 Marathon maintenance or other maintenance sections and use the position number from maintenance (Mr. Gus Pego)
*	Misappropriate the bonuses, upgrades, promotion, rate money, special pay and salaries assigned to that maintenance manager’s position and other personnel actions under the managerial power of Mr. Gustavo Pego to give Mr. Santana the salary that was arranged by Mr. Gustavo Pego and Mr. Santana.
*	Mislead the State of Florida system by not posting the position of ITS Manager since one person is applying for it, one person will get it (Mr. Santana) and the group of the following wanted Mr. Santana to get the job: Mr. Pego, Mr. Santana, Mr. Jesus A. Martinez, Mr. Brian Arena, thereby eliminating any fair competition to for the job.
*	Use the friendship with Mr. Jesus A. Martinez to create some space in the SunGuide department so that Mr. Santana use the new position within the SunGuide Department.

 
As of June 2, 2006 this matter was completed as planned at the expense of other state workers future raises, special pay, and even salaries, all to benefit Mr. Santana, Mr. Pego, Mr. Brian Arena, and Mr. Martinez 
 
Friendship and personal favors that are constantly being worked in the background using tax payers’ money as we put trust in men such as these who run the state’s matters as if it were their own private company.
 
These values as published on his address http://www.myflorida.com/agency/48/ are being abused and used for personal gain and opportunities and those abuses should be out in the open.
 
Our Values
Integrity
We are committed to honesty, loyalty and a high standard of ethical conduct.
 
Excellence
We achieve performance excellence through hard work, innovation, creativity and prudent risk taking
 
Respect
We value diversity, talent and ideas. We believe every individual should contribute and have the opportunity to be heard.
 
Teamwork
We accomplish our goals by working together and relying on each other.
 
References:
 
Mr. Jesus A. Martinez, P.E.
Phone: 305-499-2446
Email: jesus.martinez@dot.state.fl.us
Florida Department of Transportation
District 6
1001 NW 111 Ave, Miami, FL 33172
 
Mr. Rory Santana
Phone: 305-470-5336
Email: rory.santana@dot.state.fl.us
Florida Department of Transportation
District 6
1000 NW 111 Ave, Miami, FL 33172
 
 
 
 
 
Mr. Brian Arena
Phone: 305-470-5121
Email: brian.arena@dot.state.fl.us
Florida Department of Transportation
District 6
1000 NW 111 Ave, Miami, FL 33172
 
Mr. Gustavo Pego
Phone: 305-470-5466
Email: gus.pego@dot.state.fl.us
Florida Department of Transportation
District 6
1000 NW 111 Ave, Miami, FL 33172
 
Colonel Christopher Knight
Phone: (850) 617-2380
Email: yates.nancy@hsmv.state.fl.us
2900 Apalachee Pkwy. MS 44 
Tallahassee, FL 32399-0553 
Fax: (850) 921-4476
 
Jose “Pepe” Diaz
Phone: 305-375-4343
Email: District12@miamidade.gov
Fax: 305- 470-1791
 
Ms. Debora Rivera
Phone: 305-470-5450
Email: debora.rivera@dot.state.fl.us
Florida Department of Transportation
District 6
1000 NW 111 Ave, Miami, FL 33172
 
 
Cc:
Kathryn L. Parker, CFE, CPA
Cecil Bragg, Inspector General
Denver Stutler, Secretary Of Transportation
Jeb Bush, Governor of the State Of Florida
 
See attached.

  _____  

Talk is cheap. Use Yahoo! Messenger to make PC-to-Phone calls. Great rates starting at 1¢/min.
From:	HarveyCop@aol.com
Sent:	Sunday, July 2, 2006 6:31 PM
To:	president@whitehouse.gov
Cc:	vice.president@whitehouse.gov; Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	SSA To Illegals

Mr. President:
 
This is a protest against what
the Senate voted on recently which was to allow illegals to access our social security! 
We demand that you and all congressional representative require
citizenship for anyone to be eligible for social services in the United States. 
We further demand that there not be any amnesty given to illegals, and NO free services or funding, or payments to and for illegal immigrants.
We are fed up with the lack of action about this matter and are tired of "paying" for services to illegals! 
Tell Senor Fox to pay for his own people!
 
Kenneth Badali
North Port, Florida

From:	Barbara Ellison <horselady@gtcom.net>
Sent:	Sunday, July 2, 2006 6:29 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Fw:  Interesting.....

Could someone check this out and if true show it to Jeb to forward to his brother...

Subject:  Interesting.....

 

This is a MUST READ..............it is so true........but, our Politicans want to ignore facts such as these, and they have been going on for YEARS.  I know I've been writing about our Nation with illegals for over 35 years............ ...and look where we are, ONE BIG MESS.
 
I have also sent this to our Senators, Governor and President...........as if they will see it.   Someone will, never know, might get lucky.
JoAn 
 
Please read on......
 
By Frosty Wooldridge 
February 27, 2006 
NewsWithViews.com 

As a teacher, I sat dumbfounded last May 16, 2005, when the Rocky Mountain News inked a story, "What Happened?" to a stunned Denver, Colorado audience. In a five year study starting in 1999 in Denver Public  Schools, 5,663 students started the eighth grade. Five years later, only 1,884 graduated from high school. That's a 65 percent drop out/flunk out rate! That's pathetic, if not frightening. 

What was the cause? First of all, 30,000 illegal aliens, speaking 40 different languages, attended Denver schools. Our classrooms suffered thousands of kids functionally illiterate in English with parents functionally illiterate in English and Spanish. The classrooms featured so much incompatible diversity that it created horrific tension, stabbings and death. 

Thus, American kids suffered a profoundly dumbed-down educational process. One in five teachers quit or transferred out of those Denver classrooms every nine month cycle during those five years. 

Last week, the Denver Post announced that 30 percent of teachers in Denver schools were not coming back next year. This is a nationwide travesty. Why? As a teacher, I taught in the inner city in the 1970s. It's exasperating beyond understanding to walk into a classroom where children suffer learning disabilities, broken homes, teen pregnancies at 14, 15, 16, multiple languages and violent confrontations with other ethnic groups. It's impossible to teach. I left my idealism in the ghetto and escaped to a suburban school. But, today, teachers can't escape because over 1.5 million illegal alien students with more than 100 languages attend our kids' schools nationwide. We witness a national breakdown in education. Last week, Superintendent Roy Romer of Los Angeles public schools resigned in frustration and defeat. California schools match the violence of a war zone. 

Can you imagine such a failure rate across the country? Can you imagine the consequences of an illiterate generation leading this Republic into the 21st century? Folks, this country won't make it. Where is the outrage? 

It takes four aspects for a free and democratic society to maintain itself. It requires a highly educated population that can write, read, think and vote intelligently. It takes a similar moral code whereby everyone adheres to the common good. It requires a similar code of ethics whereby citizens adhere to honesty, doing what is right and maintaining those ethics throughout the social fabric. Finally, it takes a similar language that allows citizens to discuss, debate and resolve problems. We compromise all four with an invasion exceeding four million new people into the USA annually.  20 million illegals to date and climbing. We allow the disintegration of our nation without a whimper. Where is the outrage? 

Last February 20, 2006, the Rocky Mountain News reported, "Mile-High Drug Hub" making Denver the leading center for drug distribution in the United States. It's part of MS-13 Gang's dispersal of $128 billion in drugs crossing our border with Mexico every year. Ironically, Congress guards South Korea's border with 37,000 troops with our billions in tax dollars, pats down gray-haired ladies at our airports, spends $80 billion annually on the war on drugs, but leaves our border unguarded allowing that $128 billion in drugs to cross year after year. Additionally, terrorists from any country can walk over the Mexican border with a 99 percent chance of succeeding. Where is the outrage? 

With a growing illegal alien population exceeding 300,000 in Colorado, the state House legislators on Wednesday of last week defeated six bills to stop illegal alien migration. One particular bill, HB 1134, would have given cops the ability to arrest, detain and deport illegal's. It was soundly defeated after dozens of citizens, including this Coloradan, testified to support the bill's passage. 

I demanded, "We are tired of being collateral damage for illegal aliens. We're tired of being raped, killed, robbed and our schools being trashed by multiple languages while our medical systems take better care of illegal's than our own citizens." 

Representative Francesca Natividad Coleman remarked that it was a Federal issue. I retorted, "We're the ones getting killed and raped here locally and we're tired of it." Last year, three Coloradans were killed by illegals; Greeley, Colorado suffered 270 hit and run car accidents alone; eight rapes by illegal aliens in Boulder and thousands of robberies. Where is the outrage? 

To top off the crisis in our Denver schools, the Rocky Mountain News reported the next day, February 21, 2006, "Welfare Surges 45%" with an increase of 4,743 cases. They said it was tough job hunting, but neglected to mention that 300,000 illegal aliens in Colorado stole jobs from Coloradans in every sector: drywall, construction, landscaping, fast food, house painting, janitorial, paving and dozens of other jobs formerly worked by Coloradans. Where is the outrage? 

Denver Mayor Hickenlooper hired illegal aliens long before he was mayor and one of his illegal employees, Raul Gomez-Garcia, killed Denver police officer Don Young last May. Hickenlooper stood in direct violation of federal laws and could have been fined $2, 000.00 per illegal alien hired (estimated at 70 working in his restaurants) and he could have gone to prison for five years. Governor Owens actually endorsed a booklet showing illegal aliens how to imbed themselves in Colorado. He aided and abetted illegal aliens, but didn't receive a slap on the wrist. Where is the outrage? 

Since it's happening in my state with 300,000 illegal aliens, can you imagine what is happening in California with three million? Or, North Carolina with one million? How about Illinois with one million illegal's? How about Texas with 1.5 million? I know Texans pay over $4.1 billion annually for educating their massive load of student illegals. Where is the outrage? 

We're being colonized with over nine million illegal alien Mexicans crashing our schools, medical systems, language, culture, parks, tax and welfare systems. One look at the headlines of major newspapers across the country echoes and mirrors the Rocky Mountain News. Where is the outrage? 

It stupefies me beyond comprehension that Americans sit back and watch this invasion of their country without any outrage. Worse, without any response! More than that--without a concern for their own kids' future! Even more horrific, the line of immigrants from Mexico (and the world) shows no sign of stopping, as the number of Mexicans grows from their current 106 million to 200 million in this century. 

As I open this can of worms weekly; as I expose this accelerating national crisis weekly; as you experience its quickening day by day I would think the outrage would reach fantastic levels. But it is not! In fact, Bush, Congress and governors of all 50 states, not only watch it happen, they actively aid and abet it. Arlan Specter of Pennsylvania wants to add another one to two million legal immigrants annually. Senators John McCain and Ted Kennedy want to give amnesty to 20 million illegals and add more in a guest worker program. Utah's Chris Cannon welcomes millions of Mexicans as he encourages their takeover of our country. His sidekick Senator Orrin Hatch mirrors that sentiment. Representative Joe Baca of California actively promotes the takeover of California by Mexico as he endorses "Reconquista of Aztlan." As Mark Twain said, "Suppose you were an idiot; and suppose you were a member of Congress; but then, I repeat myself." Twain got it right, but where is the outrage? 

While 85 to 95 percent of the American public wants our borders secured, they stand around quietly sucking their thumbs while doing nothing. However, the outrage and arrogance of millions of illegal alien migrants in America advances like Paris, France's recent experience with immigration? 10,000 fire bombed cars and a month-long conflagration! We watched stupidly as if it won't happen to us. Think again! 

Frosty Woolridge, 2-27-06.   

Let me add this by our past President Theodore Roosevelt: (he had to have some vision of the future), and I quote:

THERE IS NO ROOM IN THIS COUNTRY FOR HYPHENATED AMERICANS.  THE ONE ABSOLUTELY CERTAIN WAY OF BRINGING THIS NATION TO RUIN, OF PREVENTING ALL POSSIBILITY OF ITS CONTINUING TO BE A NATION AT ALL, WOULD BE TO PERMIT IT TO BECOME A TANGLE OF SQUABBLING NATIONALITIES.  We are there.............so sad.

JoAn

 

From:	Dwax2000@aol.com
Sent:	Sunday, July 2, 2006 6:07 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush; president@whitehouse.gov
Subject:	Fwd: Returned mail: Cannot send message within 3 hours
Attachments:	Returned mail: Cannot send message within 3 hours

Mel and John are complete low life's ... they do not want to hear what we have to say ... they have convinced me to stay home ... and I have voted Republican for 40 yrs ...  PROBABLY THE LAST TIME
From:	Shooster, Herman <HermanS@globalresponse.com>
Sent:	Sunday, July 2, 2006 5:13 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	RE: Governor Jeb Bush's IN THE NEWS... Friday, June 30, 2006

Mr Governor,

As a veteran of World War 2. I thank you on behalf of all those who have
served.

Herman Shooster, a Democrat who contributed to your canpaigns.

Actually, an independent voter,  who grew up as a minority in the
Franklin D Roosevelt times.

-----Original Message-----
From: Governor Jeb Bush [mailto:jeb.bush@myflorida.com] 
Sent: Sunday, July 02, 2006 3:29 PM
To: Governor Jeb Bush
Subject: Governor Jeb Bush's IN THE NEWS... Friday, June 30, 2006

For those E-Newsletter recipients who have Adobe Acrobat reader,
Governor
Bush's e-newsletter is available in .PDF format by clicking here:

http://www.flgov.com/in_the_news

The text version of the e-newsletter is below.


BILL CREATING NEW COMMISSION FOR CHARTER SCHOOLS SIGNED INTO LAW

On Monday, I signed House Bill 135, which creates a state-level charter
school authorizer - the Florida Schools of Excellence Commission. This
independent statewide commission will directly sponsor charter schools
and
authorize municipalities, state universities, community colleges and
additional entities to co-sponsor charter schools in Florida, expanding
educational opportunities for students.  Florida's charter schools offer
a
valuable public school option for students.  This legislation opens the
door
for the expansion of more high quality charter schools in Florida, and
the
newly created Commission will ensure that these schools are held
accountable
for serving student needs.  To learn more about charter schools in
Florida,
visit the Office of Independent Education and Parental Choice Office
website
at www.floridaschoolchoice.org. 
 

BILLS TO BENEFIT FLORIDA VETERANS AND ACTIVE DUTY MILITARY TROOPS SIGNED
INTO LAW

On Monday, I signed into law a series of bills that will provide
additional
benefits to Florida's veterans and active duty military troops. Since
1999,
the Florida Legislature and I have worked diligently to establish
Florida as
a military and veteran-friendly state.  In 2005, an interim study
conducted
by the U.S. House Military and Veterans' Affairs Committee ranked
Florida
highest overall in providing benefits to veterans.  On behalf of all
Floridians, I thank our soldiers and veterans for their extraordinary
dedication and service to our country.  Their selfless dedication to our
country commands not only our respect and admiration, but also our
willingness to provide them and their families with assistance to
improve
their quality of life.  For more information on benefits and assistance
for
veterans, please visit www.floridavets.org.
 

RURAL INFRASTRUCTURE GRANT OF MORE THAN $235,000 AWARDED TO FLAGLER
COUNTY

On Tuesday, I awarded Flagler County a Rural Infrastructure Fund Grant
totaling $236,813 to assist in the retention of Sea Ray Boats, Inc., a
manufacturer of high quality pleasure yachts.   The grant will be used
for
roadway, sidewalks and drainage improvements that will help retain 644
full-time jobs within Flagler County. These 644 jobs contribute more
than
$21 million to the local economy in annual payroll dollars.  We are
proud to
support Flagler County's efforts to retain an area manufacturer that
provides more than 51 percent of the county's manufacturing jobs.  The
infrastructure improvements will ease traffic flow for company
employees,
vendors and residents in nearby neighborhoods.  Florida's Rural
Infrastructure Fund is a key component of our rural economic development
efforts.  For more information on Florida's economic development
initiatives, please visit www.myflorida.com.


JIM MCDONOUGH NAMED SECRETARY OF THE FLORIDA DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTIONS

On Thursday, I named Colonel (Ret.) Jim McDonough as Secretary of the
Florida Department of Corrections. McDonough has recently served as the
interim Secretary of the Department. The appointment is effective
immediately. Previously, McDonough served as Director of the Florida
Office
of Drug Control from 1999 to 2006. Prior to his work in the Governor's
Office, he was Director of Strategy for the Office of National Drug
Control
Policy, the White House agency leading the nation's efforts to reduce
drug
abuse, from 1996-1999.  During the past seven years, Colonel McDonough
has
proven to be a strong and principled leader, dedicated to serving the
State
of Florida.  I am confident he will continue leading the Department of
Corrections with integrity.   For more information on the Department of
Corrections, please visit www.myflorida.com or www.dc.state.fl.us.


GOVERNOR BUSH PRESENTS POINTS OF LIGHT AWARD TO LAWRENCE RICE

Congratulations!

To read more about this week's winners, please click here: 
http://www.flgov.com/release/7953


GOVERNOR BUSH'S 2006 LEGISLATIVE INITIATIVES

Please visit www.govfloridaforum.com.
       
____________________________________________________________________
Volume 8, Issue 26
Copyright(c) 2006 State of Florida
 
If you would like to change your subscription or unsubscribe, please go
to:
http://www.myflorida.com/myflorida/subscribe.html


Thank you.




From:	Peggy Hammer <staarznback@aol.com>
Sent:	Sunday, July 2, 2006 4:21 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	PETS Act

As a fulltime Florida resident of Naples, I am urging you to address and support this important Act. Pets are family members and we will not leave them behind in a disaster, thus causing danger to the owners. Please find it in your heart to support this important Act. Florida is a huge pet lover state and I know you will gain applause from supporting this ACT. Thank you.

From:	Jan Bergemann <janberg@att.net>
Sent:	Sunday, July 2, 2006 3:43 PM
To:	condo.terminations@dbpr.state.fl.us
Cc:	Goodlette, Dudley; Marstiller, Simone; Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Public Input HB 543/SB 1556
Attachments:	original version with amendments.doc

The original bill HB 543, as sponsored by Representative Goodlette, was a good bill and would have helped to sort out many problems that condo-owners were facing after their buildings suffered serious hurricane damage. Please note: This bill was originally written to clarify condo dissolution after casualty. Two amendments were proposed for further clarification by CCFJ, Inc. -- Line 186 and 216 -- and approved by the original sponsor, Representative Goodlette. See amended version attached!
 
All later amendments to the bill -- as can be seen in the Governor's veto letter -- had serious flaws and would have created an opportunity for developers to throw people out of their homes -- without their approval. We are seeing these kind of attempts in Sarasota, Miami Beach and on Singer Island -- in the moment.
 
We do need safeguards for condo owners after natural disasters, but not something like an "eminent domain" bill for condominiums. Suddenly the original bill wasn't just for dissolution after natural disaster any more -- it suddenly turned into a cash cow for developers, who would have been allowed to secretly buy unit after unit, grab hold of the board majority and push owners out of their homes in order to build bigger and more expensive condos on valuable beach property, making a financial killing at the expense of helpless condo-owners. 

The original bill was good -- and should be revived for the next session. Relatively easy dissolution after casualty is very recommendable. Greed is not!

 

Please confirm receipt of this e-mail as public input!

 
Warm Regards,
Jan Bergemann, President
Cyber Citizens For Justice, Inc.
http://www.ccfj.net/

From:	Della Bruens <dellabruen@atlantic.net>
Sent:	Sunday, July 2, 2006 2:17 PM
To:	Dr. Noble; Helen; Renee
Cc:	Sue Farnsworth, Planner; Barbara Behrendt, Staff Writer,; Bill Hopkins, KBA; Carol Harrington; Collazo, Osvaldo USACE; Gary Maidhof, Dir. Development Services; Governor Jeb Bush; Kurt Woerner; Mike Wright Chronicle; Nancy Argenziano, Senator; Senator Mike Fasano, S 11; Rafael Del Valle Parks & Rec. Citrus
Subject:	Fla Forever 259.1051 Trust Fund

Title XVIII
PUBLIC LANDS AND PROPERTY
Chapter 259
LAND ACQUISITIONS FOR CONSERVATION OR RECREATION
View Entire Chapter
259.1051  Florida Forever Trust Fund.-- 

(1)  There is created the Florida Forever Trust Fund to carry out the purposes of ss. 259.032, 259.105, and 375.031. The Florida Forever Trust Fund shall be held and administered by the Department of Environmental Protection. Proceeds from the sale of bonds, except proceeds of refunding bonds, issued under s. 215.618 and payable from moneys transferred to the Land Acquisition Trust Fund under s. 201.15(1)(a), not to exceed $3 billion, must be deposited into this trust fund to be distributed and used as provided in s. 259.105(3). The bond resolution adopted by the governing board of the Division of Bond Finance of the State Board of Administration may provide for additional provisions that govern the disbursement of the bond proceeds. 

(2)  The Department of Environmental Protection shall distribute revenues from the Florida Forever Trust Fund only to programs of state agencies or local governments as set out in s. 259.105(3). Excluding distributions to the Save Our Everglades Trust Fund, the distributions shall be spent by the recipient within 90 days after the date on which the Department of Environmental Protection initiates the transfer. 

(3)  The Department of Environmental Protection shall ensure that the proceeds from the sale of bonds issued under s. 215.618 and payable from moneys transferred to the Land Acquisition Trust Fund under s. 201.15(1)(a) shall be administered and expended in a manner that ensures compliance of each issue of bonds that are issued on the basis that interest thereon will be excluded from gross income for federal income tax purposes, with the applicable provisions of the United States Internal Revenue Code and the regulations promulgated thereunder, to the extent necessary to preserve the exclusion of interest on the bonds from gross income for federal income tax purposes. The Department of Environmental Protection shall administer the use and disbursement of the proceeds of such bonds or require that the use and disbursement thereof be administered in a manner to implement strategies to maximize any available benefits under the applicable provisions of the United States Internal Revenue Code or regulations promulgated thereunder, to the extent not inconsistent with the purposes identified in s. 259.105(3). 

History.--s. 1, ch. 99-246; s. 4, ch. 2000-129

From:	Tracy Crook <lors01@msn.com>
Sent:	Sunday, July 2, 2006 1:44 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Thanks for Lawsuit reform & others.

 Dear Gov. Bush,
 
Thank you signing the lawsuit reform bills recently passed.  My belated thanks also for doing away with the useless and counterproductive vehicle inspection program and the motorcycle helmet laws.  I would never ride without one but principles matter, and individual freedom should always be the primary goal of government.
 
These and similar actions by you have made you one of the very few politicians that I admire.  Keep up the good work.
 
All the best,
 
Tracy Crook
Bell, Florida 
From:	edward.fitzgerald@comcast.net
Sent:	Sunday, July 2, 2006 12:23 PM
To:	Williams, Trudi; Kyle, Bruce; Kreegel, Paige; Grant, Michael; Bennett, Michael (LEG); Aronberg, Dave; Governor Jeb Bush; Saunders, Burt
Subject:	Lee County Fire Consolidation

 
 
Sunday, July 2, 2006, Bonita Springs, Florida
 
 
Very Honorable Lee County Commissioners
 
In reading today's Naples News-Press article on the need for the merger/consolidation of Lee County fire services I begin to understand the difficult position that my County Commissioners find themselves in.  It is pretty obvious that the four month study completed by Joel Moroney and his staff outlines very completely the disarray that the Fire Commissioners of Lee County have their put their individual districts, and every responsible political leader into.  This type of factual and in depth"expose" hurts every political leader by inference that we are all alike.  .  
 
As I read further, I find that the President of the Lee County Fire Chiefs Association, Nat Ippolita, will make a presentation to Commissioner Tammy Hall to help her understand the issues better.  My reaction is  - I hope that she realizes that his position as the Chief of San Carlos Park Fire District, and as the spokesman for the Fire Chiefs' Association will be very one sided and if listened to will prepetuate this failed system that is reported on in the News-Press.  The relationship of a strong Fire Chief and a very weak Board of Fire Commissioners is the one over-riding cause of the seriousness of the matters disclosed by the NewsPress.  
 
My suggestion is that the Board of Lee County Commissioners, additionally, bring in two very professional "experts" in national fire service/ambulance service and EMS operations nationally - for advice.   These two people can give you an education of a life time in two to three hours whereby you will be better prepared to understand the issues.  
 
Change and pressure are needed to force THE FIRE COMMISSIONERS' FORUM to take the lead.  THE FORUM includes almost 90 Fire Commissioners in Lee County and as such should be able to explain what is happening in the fire service in Lee County.  Tho I believe that they are not equipped to do because they (we) have abdicated their role to the Fire Chiefs Association, including Nat Ippolito as President.  
 
1.  Carroll Buraker, President, Carroll Buracker & Associates, Inc., 1881 College Avenue, Suite 100, Harrisonburg, Virginia  22802.  (540) 564 1500.  www.buracker.com.  A true consultant.     
 
2.   Bryan Gibson, Division General Manager, Rural Metro Ambulance (50 years of Serving Others),  835 Virginia Run Cove, Memphis, Tennessee, 38122  (901) 327 2017 X 206.  One of the most informed persons regarding the delivery of fire and ambulance services.         
 
P S I reviewed the last study completed on consolidation as commissioned by the Fire Chiefs Association and find it lacking in focus;  it may prove the axiom that consultants are commissioned to confirm what their client believes.   
 
--
Ed FitzGerald. Fire Commissioner (Seat 1), Bonita Springs Fire Control & Rescue District.  203 405 0573 (Cell) 

CC:  Very Honorable Florida State Senators and Representatives.  
From:	Mary LaFrancis <mnlafrancis@lisco.com>
Sent:	Sunday, July 2, 2006 12:06 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush; president@whitehouse.gov
Subject:	ABOUT TERRI SCHINDLER SCHIAVO

Mary LaFrancis wrote: 

Harrietannw@aol.com wrote: 


The Terri Schindler Schiavo tragedy IS NOT OVER!   
THE LORD'S JUSTICE MUST COME FOR AND TO THE EVIL FORCES THAT BROUGHT ABOUT HER CRUEL AND UNJUST DEATH SETTING A PRECECEDENT FOR UNTOLD OTHERS!
I ask in most earnest prayer for support for Carla Iyer an RN who took loving and concerned care of Terri and filed police reports on Michael Schiavo, her estranged husband and guardian, on various serious complaints.  
Possibly because his girlfriend's mother worked in the Sheriffs department the complaints were never investigated and Carla was fired.  Carla was also called by Gov. Bush to testify and was interviewed by CNN after Terri was the subject of much public discussion.
The Florida Department of Health is now threatening to fine her nearly $2,000 and revoke her license while Michael Schiavo is practicing also as an RN in a jail after making numerous false statements (and is still doing so) for his nursing license as well as numerous and ongoing failures and violations of statutes, regulations, requirements and responsibilities.
Carla works as a nurse, is a head nurse and very conscientious in her practice.  She and her husband have 3 small children.  I have met with them personally while I was in Florida from Iowa 3 times for over 5 months to fight for Terri and can attest to this!
This occasion, I also most fervently pray may be a breakthru to finally start bringing justice in this most despicable and corrupt culture of death and agenda of euthanasia situation!  
Terri was and her family are devout Catholics.  Her Mother and Dad, Bob and Mary Schindler were on EWTN this Friday (also is repeated and on EWTN global radio) with Father Pavone on his Defending Life program and will also be next week.......Bob choked  back his tears as he spoke of their devastating experience witnessing their beloved daughters painful 13 day starvation and dehydration to death by court order.  Father Pavone was at Terri's side with her brother and sister until moments before her last breath and describes how painful and tortured ,"not beautiful, not peaceful" it was and publically named those responsible as murderers!
Thank you so very much and GOD'S MERCY AND BLESSINGS, INSPIRATION, COMFORT AND GUIDANCE ON AND FOR US ALL!
WE MUST BRING ABOUT A CULTURE OF LIFE AND LOVE, ESPECIALLY FOR THE WEAK AND VULNERABLE AND INNOCENT AS TERRI, FROM THE MOMENT OF CONCEPTION UNTIL NATURAL DEATH!
Mary LaFrancis RN retired, 1871 Woodland Dr. Fairfield, Iowa, mnlafrancis@lisco.com, 641-472-6549





 
Please visit our web site by clicking on the link below this message www.Disabilitiesministries.com





From:	Vincent B. Collins <deeperpeeper@earthlink.net>
Sent:	Tuesday, January 1, 2002 4:12 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	FYI

Do y’all understand the message board acronym “LOL”; that’s what I was doing when I read the following cop-out response from your office to my plea to stop leaving the children of Jones HS in Orlando behind.

 

Ok, I truly understand Governor Bush’s/supporters position on this issue, i.e. the local school boards = NEA, the local administrations = NEA, and government officials are shaking in their boots WRT the idea of really fixing this issue. Thanks for leaving the public education students of Florida behind for fear of a fight. I’ll be sure to do my best to let my friends and neighbors know about this lack of attention.

 

 

____________________________________________________________________________________

Dear Mr. Collins:

 

Governor Jeb Bush has asked our office to respond to your e-mail dated June 19, 2006, in which you share suggestions and concerns regarding Jones High School in Orlando, Florida.  We would like to thank you on behalf of the Governor and assure you that he appreciates your interest and commitment to educational excellence. 

 

Education has been a top priority for Governor Bush during his time in office.  However, the Department of Education requests that issues related to school concerns be communicated to the school district.  You may want to contact the Orange County School District at (407) 317-3200.  Day-to-day operations of Florida public schools, including issues like this, are by law the responsibility of locally elected school boards.  The idea is that those closest to the learner should know best what is needed and that citizens should have more access to control of education by electing school board members they trust. 

If you have any additional questions or need further assistance from the Bureau of School Improvement, please contact Ebru Bilgili, Educational Consultant, at (850) 245-0831, or via e-mail at Ebru.Bilgili@fldoe.org.

Sincerely,

 

 

 

Angelia Turner, Chief

Bureau of School Improvement

 

AT/ebh

 

 

 

Please take a few minutes to provide feedback on the quality of service you received. The Department of Education values your feedback as a customer. Commissioner John L. Winn is committed to continuously assessing and improving the level and quality of services provided to you by Department staff. Simply click on this link to the "DOE Customer Survey".  Thank you in advance for completing the survey. 

 

DOE Customer Survey 

 

 

Vincent B. Collins

A legal and English speaking citizen of Florida.

deeperpeeper@earthlink.net

 

From:	Lilrat3@aol.com
Sent:	Sunday, July 2, 2006 11:58 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Marlins and tourism

Dear Governor,
  This weekend the Marlins hosted the Boston Red Sox.  Out of the 100,000 plus fans that were there, 40% were from out of town to see the Sox play.  They stayed in our hotels, bought our gas, paid our tolls, ate in our restaurants, rented cars, etc, all great for Florida tourism.  That's what having a Major League Baseball team in our hometown means.
  We hope you can help the Marlins stay in Florida. Happy July 4th.
  Sincerely,
    Susan Freedman
    Plantation, FL
From:	Goespe54@aol.com
Sent:	Sunday, July 2, 2006 10:31 AM
To:	Naxxun@funro.mu; Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	[*] Milagros Izquierdo credit card

By mistake my son Rigoberto  go into your web site, to claim differents things. that we never received, Am appologize  with you because by mistake I have not an idea how much he get from my bank. Also Please return My $ 1445.00 to my bank. This card is under my name Milagros and you know what is the number. , I will send copy of this E mail to Governor Bush, because I am a single mother. At this moment I need to pay the rent and the thing on my house. Thanks you. Remember this is ilegal to use by a minor, Also please make a deposit back of  my bank. Any thing let me know at this E mail
From:	evan adams <evanmar7@hotmail.com>
Sent:	Sunday, July 2, 2006 10:19 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	house bill 1097 veto

jeb,
     read your letter[to the editor] concerning the above in the 7/1/06 st. 
pete times. your rational was "right on" & very easy to understand!!

     we have always admired your "straight-forward" approach-its very 
refreshing!!!

           your constituents, evan & marilyn adams


From:	David Scott <jrzdave@gmail.com>
Sent:	Sunday, July 2, 2006 9:26 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Governor

 
 
I reade somewhere that you read all of your e-mails. Is it possible that you would read one from a random guy from New Jersey? And if you did, could you please run my state please? The fool in the goatee seem to can't govern his way out of a wet paper bag. 
 
Just checking to see if you'll really respond.
 
Thank you for your time, Governor.
From:	Gene Barnett <gbarnett@bellsouth.net>
Sent:	Sunday, July 2, 2006 7:48 AM
To:	FLORIDA.DISASTER@dca.state.fl.us
Cc:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Flood Insurance

Since the numerous floods in New England, my curiosity was rekindled about Flood Insurance for my home.  {I live inside the city limits of Chiefland, Florida (Levy County)}  After contacting two flood insurance providers, I was informed that our area is a "non-participating community", and that coverage is not offered for this area.
 
I have not received a satisfactory answer as to "Why?" from the person in City Hall, so I am contacting you.
 
It is absolutely ridiculous that we are not  - as an entire state - participating in the "NATIONAL Flood Insurance Program"!
Many homes in the Northeast have been damaged or destroyed during the recent floods, and many of these homes were not in the "100 year Flood Plane".
 
I doubt very seriously neither the State of Florida, nor the City of Chiefland will rebuild my home and replace my belongings if a flood disaster strikes this area.
 
Please email me with the name and number of the person in State Government that is overseeing the National Flood Insurance Program in Florida.  Flood Insurance needs to be offered to every citizen of the state that wants it.  (In my opinion, it is the only responsible thing to do!)
 
Thank you!
 
gb
Contact #'s: 352-490-5059  Home
                     352-535-5600  Mobile
 
cc: jeb.bush@myflorida.com
 
From:	michaelsFL5@aol.com
Sent:	Sunday, July 2, 2006 2:45 AM
To:	schomer@rti-insurance.com
Cc:	Governor Jeb Bush; carl.callahan@cityofbradenton.com; Carlton, Lisa; Clarke, Donna; Bennett, Michael (LEG); bill@billnelson.senate.gov; Governor Jeb Bush; EJDorin@verizon.net; eroome87@verizon.net; charles.miville@verizon.net; charle03@tampabay.rr.com; objoyful@tampabay.rr.com; adoglover55@hotmail.com; bdilego@hotmail.com; K.Fodor@comcast.net; john@oneamericacommittee.com; mike@michaelmoore.com; imus@msnbc.com; pkngngopnimegnxe@AirAmericaRadio-lists.com; marsha.watson@citizensfla.com
Subject:	Re: POE INSURANCE CUSTOMER

We cannot get an estimate from either Citizens or Poe. We're not asking them to look into a Crystal Ball. We're asking that they tell us the new rate. They must have an idea since they are price gouging customers dropped from Poe/Atlantic right now. 
From:	S K Overstreet <skover1986@yahoo.com>
Sent:	Sunday, July 2, 2006 2:42 AM
To:	Sundstrom, David M.
Cc:	Governor Jeb Bush; Denise Mealor; Joseph Joey Wise
Subject:	[*] RE: FW: Volunteer hours

Mr. Sundstrom,
    I was not pleased to read that by you making a similarity as you did with the language/words I used was taken out of context and thus concerns me.  It makes me wonder if you are just splitting hairs to avoid doing the right thing and accepting my daughters hours for this program.  The language in which I used as "served" wasn't in anyway to implicate that volunteerism is akin to "serving time" as you put it but meaning that she has already accomplished the part of volunteering requirements set forth by the Bright Future Program as we were instructed years ago that these hours would be accepted toward the program as I have stated many times.  Although she has gained substantially from her efforts in helping in the community at a young age even with her disability making it difficult and it is also a qualification as well for the program she can be assured that she has accomplished two things at once, thus nevertheless it should still be counted or "credited" toward the program as we were told. You must see it from my daughters point of view that it seems like a penalty because she was told that her admirable endeavors would be accepted toward the program thus the reason for her doing it at a young age as well to gain the knowledge of helping people was a unique experience for her and now to be told it would not be accepted.  The purpose of the program is to have everyone volunteer 75 hours and meet the other qualifications for the FAS thus whether or not the purpose was met to teach students that helping in the community is a good thing it is still a requirement and not all students will walk away with the purpose but just to get the qualifications is their main goal and to assume anything other than that would be luducris.  I agree we need to be reasonable and in doing so the program should uphold their end of the statement as stated to me over the phone by a customer service personnel working for the program that her hours would be accepted.  And its not accommodating my wished as you have put it nor altering rules but upholding the rules of what we were instructed at the time would happen thus if you must alter rules to fix the wrong to be right alter whatever rules need to be altered to fix the problem that occurred.  This seems very simple but has become battle to get this error corrected.  The message that is being sent to my daughter at this time is that district is not accommodating as it should be for a disabled student that was told her hours would be accepted toward this program and I am sure that this is not the message you want to convey to my daughter Heather. She is inspired by my endeavors and efforts to help her through this ordeal and will learn one of two things that people uphold what they say or that people are not responsible for what they say.  Which lesson will she learn from this ordeal remember she is only 11 years old and what she learns now will shape her in the future.  I hope this will be a pleasant lesson she will learn and learn that fighting for what is right as stated to her by someone at the Bright Future Program will be the correct outcome in her favor. 
 
I am glad to here that you all stand ready to accommodate her with her disability why not accommodate her now? And there wouldn't have to be any accommodations made on everyones part once these hours are accepted toward the program at this time.
 
Please take care in your efforts to resolve this issue.
 
My sincere regards,
Mrs. Overstreet

"Sundstrom, David M." <sundstromd@educationcentral.org> wrote:

Ms. Overstreet—I was troubled by your reference to “my daughter has already served,” and the implication that volunteerism is akin to serving time.  If the purpose of volunteerism is to engender a sense of commitment to others and to community, your daughter has already gained substantially from her efforts.  If her efforts were solely to qualify for a benefit she seeks, then the purpose was not likely met.  The absence of “credit” for prior volunteer efforts is not a penalty—it simply means that her admirable endeavors before high school are not a factor the Bright Future Program.  That is all it means.  I think we need to be reasonable and equitable in these matters, and altering rules to accommodate your wishes would not appear to send the right message that we want to convey to Heather. 
 
Please know that all of us stand ready to provide accommodation of her disability, and that we look forward to her participation In the Bright Future program.
 
Regards,
 
 
David M. Sundstrom
Chief of Staff
Duval County Public Schools
1701 Prudential Drive
Jacksonville, FL 32207-8152
 
tel:     904.390.2010
fax:    904.390.2586 
 

  _____  

From: S K Overstreet [mailto:skover1986@yahoo.com] 
Sent: Tuesday, June 20, 2006 5:35 PM
To: Sundstrom, David M.
Subject: Re: FW: Volunteer hours
 
Mr. Sundstrom,
     I appreciate you getting back with me and congratulations on your new position hopefully you can approve our request since there are exceptions to any rule with our unique circumstances.  Ms. Cromartie and I agree to disagree on this issue of the 75 hours having to be served while in high school since we were not advised of that earlier and knowing my daughters situation. Ms. McGonagill has sent me the brochure as I requested and told me the states qualifications.  As you have researched I have spoken to many individuals trying to get this issue straighten out without it penalizing my daughters efforts in the  volunteering time she has already difficultly served.  However, the person I did speak to in the Bright Future Program a couple years ago did not refer me back to my district for any other rules/qualifications and I did not misunderstand that individual whom I spoke with in Tallahassee at that time. That individual stated as long as my daughter complete the hours prior to graduation and that we kept records of her community service then it wasn't a problem and I told the lady that she was in elementary school at that time.  So, with that information we set out on obtaining the community service hours required to qualify for that part.  When I called again this year I was referred back to my district however too late.  I am only concerned with the 75 hours my daughter has already served for the purpose of not having to accomplish this goal/qualification while in high school again and can focus mainly on academics to get the grades and test scores necessary to achieve the full scholarship award. High school is difficult enough for normal students and twice as difficult for disabled students like my daughter without having other qualifications to be concerned about.  Although volunteering is a wonderful gester and brings out the good in people but its also a qualification in order to get the full scholarship award from Bright Future Program which my daughter wants to be able to qualify for academically.  My daughters disability limits her in the community service she can do and thus the reason for me being persistant in my inquires to have these hours already served accepted once she gets into high school. 
 
 I have spoken to my daughter (Heather) about this issue and she is very disappointed thinking that she will have to serve this time all over again.  Her drive to accomplish the rest of the qualifications has diminished and that isn't what we all want.  We all want for her to achieve academically the goals set out for her to get this scholarship.  She thought this part of the scholarship qualification was served and behind her based on the information we were given a couple years ago.  Please take this information and review it carefully and do the right thing by approving her 75 hours of community service already served by my daughter toward this program however straightforward the rules governing this program are there are always changes that can be approved or that can occur or exceptions to any rule.  As I have been straightforward through out this mess as well with our endeavors. I also understand that rules are necessary but with our circumstances and the incorrect information given at the time of our inquiry this one should be an exception. My daughter shouldn't have to be penalized because of someones error or mistake because they didn't give us the correct information they were suppose to at that time from the Bright Future Program hot line number.
 
I know the community service hours are not required to graduate that wasn't the issue only the hours of community service for the Bright Future Academic award the highest award was in question. On the brochure under the qualifications for  FAS award under the community service area it states 75 hours as approved by the district or private school.  Thus we are requesting that the 75 hours my disabled daughter has already served of community service be approved by the district/you for that part of the qualifications for the FAS award.  Please if you would be so kind as to reconsider our circumstances as stated above now that you have the whole story and approve the 75 hours.
 
I will forward all my emails to you so that you can see what and who I have been speaking with.  I look forward to hearing from you again.
 
Thank you for your time and cooperation in this matter.
Mr & Mrs. Gary Overstreet
on behalf of our daughter Heather we have spoken to an attorney about discrimination.

"Sundstrom, David M." <sundstromd@educationcentral.org> wrote:

Dear Ms. Overstreet--
 
I am the newly appointed Chief of Staff at Duval County Public Schools, and Dr. Wise asked that I follow up with you immediately regarding the message you left him this morning.  Unfortunately, neither he nor I had a copy of the original e-mail to which your message refers, so I made inquiries here. Here’s what I learned:
 
Ms. Judith Cromartie of our Student Services office has spoken twice with you by telephone and explained—twice—that community service hours:

*	are not required for high school graduation
*	are only required for Bright Futures Academic Award - the highest award
*	are required by every high school National Honor Society chapter in this city and most service clubs
*	can only be earned for the Bright Futures Academic Award while the student is enrolled in high school.

 
As I understand it, you indicated that you were told by someone in the Bright Futures office in Tallahassee that a student in any grade can earn community service hours—even before that student enters high school.  Unfortunately, it appears you may have misunderstood the State office with whom you spoke.  According to Florida Statute 1009.534 (1) each district promulgates the rules for community service hours, and the State office protocols require State staff to refer a parent back to the specific high school—or in this case, to Ms. Cromartie as supervisor of guidance. Please understand, the District rule governing the issue you raised is straightforward:  Bright Futures community service hours must be earned while the student is enrolled in high school.
 
Joanne McGonagill, Director of Initial Eligibility, Florida Bright Futures Scholarship Program, indicates that she too has responded to you with the same information that Ms. Cromartie provided to you, including advice that the high school will assist the student in finding volunteer hours that will suit his or her disability.  
 
I hope that this information is helpful.  We genuinely want to encourage our students engaging in community service—particularly for the altruistic reasons for which community service is designed.  If there is anything I can do to further assist, please do not hesitate to contact me.
 
Sincerely,
 
 
 
 
David M. Sundstrom
Chief of Staff
Duval County Public Schools
1701 Prudential Drive
Jacksonville, FL 32207-8152
 
tel:     904.390.2010
fax:    904.390.2586 
 
 
 
 
-----Original Message-----
From: S K Overstreet <skover1986@yahoo.com>
To: Jeb Bush <jeb.bush@myflorida.com>; Wise, Joseph J. <wisej@educationcentral.org>
CC: Mealor, Denese <MealorD@educationcentral.org>
Sent: Mon Jun 19 01:33:44 2006
Subject: Fwd: RE: Bright Future Program
 
Hello,
 
I am forwarding this message again just in case you did not receive it the first time.  I haven't gotten a response back is why I am forwarding this again.  Hopefully you will receive this email and I can get a response back that my daughters situation has been corrected.  I have sent several emails and no response has been sent back or any phone calls to me.  The last one I sent was on 6/9/06 and its now the 6/19/06.  That is plenty of time to research this and resolve it or at least get back with me to let me know you are still working on this or something.  I have made it very clear what the issue is and how to resolve it.  I would like some resolution to this unfair, unjust and discriminatory matter against my handicapped/disabled daughter as soon as possible.
 
Thank you,
Mrs. Overstreet
 
Note: forwarded message attached.
 
 
 

 
  

  _____  

Yahoo! Messenger with Voice. PC-to-Phone calls for ridiculously low rates. 


  _____  

Do you Yahoo!?
Everyone is raving about the all-new Yahoo! Mail Beta.
From:	michaelsFL5@aol.com
Sent:	Sunday, July 2, 2006 2:17 AM
To:	fireinthesky419@msn.com; Governor Jeb Bush
Cc:	findout@zippity-doodah.com; getthefacts@kumpalla.net; grassrootshelp@moveonpac.org
Subject:	Check out Rising Insurance Rates Push Florida Homeowners to Brink - New York

Rising Insurance Rates Push Florida Homeowners to Brink - New York Times 
From:	michaelsFL5@aol.com
Sent:	Sunday, July 2, 2006 1:54 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush; Carlton, Lisa; Bennett, Michael (LEG); djberger@swbell.net
Cc:	kenmehlman@gop.com; bill@billnelson.senate.gov; campaign@electharris.org; carl.callahan@cityofbradenton.com; Tscorpio38@msn.com; mike@michaelmoore.com; joe.cassar@atl.frb.org; Clarke, Donna; eroome87@verizon.net; K.Fodor@comcast.net; Joanna727@msn.com; Fladab@aol.com; EJDorin@verizon.net; paradox900@yahoo.com; objoyful@tampabay.rr.com; charle03@tampabay.rr.com; charles.miville@verizon.net; adoglover55@hotmail.com; Prudhomme123@aol.com; jlynnsongbird@msn.com; lch1576@yahoo.com; lagunabeachpch@hotmail.com; sweetmelody_1957@yahoo.com
Subject:	Check out Rising Insurance Rates Push Florida Homeowners to Brink - New York

Rising Insurance Rates Push Florida Homeowners to Brink - New York Times 
 
 
 
 
Sad state of affairs when American wallets are being raped by Citizen's Insurance.  As Florida homeowner's insurance rates gouge the hard earned dollar of the American public, escrow accts. dwindle, mortgage payments increase & Americans get poorer and poorer.  One day only the very rich will be able to own a home!  
From:	Jim Keaton <JKeaton@se.rr.com>
Sent:	Sunday, July 2, 2006 1:36 AM
To:	Crenshaw.News@mail.house.gov; Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Do the people of the United States have to adopt a new Constitution?

  
When the free people of the United States start sharing this type of  message, the “good ole boys” in their long time jobs in Washington, DC, better start training for a new job.  
 
Our elected leaders need to listen to their constituents and act the way the people want.  This man has captured the 
 
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
NEW PREAMBLE TO THE CONSTITUTION 
 
This is probably the best e-mail I've seen in a long, long time.  The following has been attributed to State Representative Mitchell Kaye from GA.  This guy should run for President one day...
 
"We the sensible people of the United States, in an attempt to help everyone get along, restore some semblance of justice, avoid more riots, keep our nation safe, promote positive behavior, and secure the blessings of debt-free liberty to ourselves and our great-great-great-grandchildren, hereby try one more time to ordain and establish some common sense guidelines for the terminally whiny, guilt ridden, delusional, and other liberal bed-wetter's.  We hold these truths to be self evident: that a whole lot of people are confused by the Bill of Rights and are so dim they require a Bill of NON-Rights."
 
ARTICLE I: You do not have the right to a new car, big screen TV, or any other form of wealth.  More power to you if you can legally acquire them, but no one is guaranteeing anything.
 
ARTICLE II: You do not have the right to never be offended.  This country is based on freedom, and that means freedom for everyone -- not just you!  You may leave the room, turn the channel, express a different opinion, etc.; but the world is full of idiots, and probably always will be.
 
ARTICLE III: You do not have the right to be free from harm.  If you stick a screwdriver in your eye, learn to be more careful; do not expect the tool manufacturer to make you and all your relatives independently wealthy.
 
ARTICLE IV: You do not have the right to free food and housing. 
Americans are the most charitable people to be found, and will gladly help anyone in need, but we are quickly growing weary of subsidizing generation after generation of professional couch potatoes who achieve nothing more than the creation of another generation of professional couch potatoes.  (This one is my pet peeve...get an education and go to work....don't expect everyone else to take care of you!)
 
ARTICLE V: You do not have the right to free health care.  That would be nice, but from the looks of public housing, we're just not interested in public health care.
 
ARTICLE VI: You do not have the right to physically harm other people. 
If you kidnap, rape, intentionally maim, or kill someone, don't be surprised if the rest of us want to see you fry in the electric chair.
 
ARTICLE VII: You do not have the right to the possessions of others.  If you rob, cheat, or coerce away the goods or services of other citizens, don't be surprised if the rest of us get together and lock you away in a place where you still won't have the right to a big screen color TV or a life of leisure.
 
ARTICLE VIII: You do not have the right to a job.  All of us sure want you to have a job, and will gladly help you along in hard times, but we expect you to take advantage of the opportunities of education and vocational training laid before you to make yourself useful.  (AMEN!)
 
ARTICLE IX: You do not have the right to happiness.  Being an American means that you have the right to PURSUE happiness, which by the way, is a lot easier if you are unencumbered by an over abundance of idiotic laws created by those of you who were confused by the Bill of Rights.
 
ARTICLE X: This is an English speaking country.  We don't care where you are from, English is our language.  Learn it or go back to wherever you came from!  (lastly....)
 
ARTICLE XI: You do not have the right to change our country's history or heritage.  This country was founded on the belief in one true God.  And yet, you are given the freedom to believe in any religion, any faith, or no faith at all; with no fear of persecution.  The phrase IN GOD WE TRUST is part of our heritage and history, and if you are uncomfortable with it, TOUGH!
 
If you agree, share this with a friend.  No, you don't have to, and nothing tragic will befall you if you don't.  I just think it's about time common sense is allowed to flourish.  Sensible people of the United States speak out because if you do not, who will?
 
 
 
 
 
 
From:	Maritess D Curry <mcurry@atlas.valenciacc.edu>
Sent:	Sunday, July 2, 2006 12:08 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	volunteer for election campaign

Hello,
    I am taking U.S. government at Valenciacc and we have a project to 
do concerning Political Action Assignment. We have several options to 
fulfill the project but I choose to volunteer any election campaign for 
3-4 hours. Thanks! Thess Curry



From:	Vicki Williams <Sillyvikky@Earthlink.com>
Sent:	Friday, June 30, 2006 11:22 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Cc:	vikky@earthlink.net

My mother pressed the sheets my head lied on...............when I was a child!  I can remember the polish. that I had to wipe the dust from a room with.......... I got sick!
I can also remember alot more........... Fantcy world........... Med. field...... I haven't lived in it........ equal rights equal oppertuny......... I love men!    Grand pa..........My father, My brother and my son........... what eyes do they thing I looked at them with!  I am greatful for the last one not because of need because of love............. why did he need me!  Vicki Williams...........   one can say well men are all dogs.......... I hope not!  your old........no your hurting and I showed it!
From:	Vicki Williams <Sillyvikky@Earthlink.com>
Sent:	Friday, June 30, 2006 11:22 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Cc:	Sillyvikky@Earthlink.net

  Queer female is just as sick..............to throw a child out because she 18.............. I have no daughter................   Someone high up made sure I married the x mayor son.  He wasn't a nice person............. You ever stood in the rain with 2 crying boys............... oh I was greatful for the 2nd. husband............WRONG......... I WAS IN LOVE!  WAS HE STARVED TO MARRY ME!    His past followed................not my mom............  Now one want to cover up the truth........... they are not eve not know more than I am..........God sent deciples....before hand..........God would not give you his daughter after what was done to his son............... but may be we need to go back ............. to the KING!      No more........because I was hypnatized............. one wanting credit........ when it was always me............ a few dollars thrown at a drowned out business I entered.............. ignorance shown when there all smart...........  A sister with a belly ace........... no female stomic hurts....... from lack of sex..............  or maybe she tasted the water because she had no power to scream!  Like I was told......... I wouldn't never figure it out............... It's not my job...... but queer don't think it there's.  How far has science gone!  They took pictures....... I am a mother............. and a wife...........  I would of tooken no man that far........... I want him honestly............... or not at all......... well he might love me later..........no drugs and the mayor son was mean as hell........... a life time is too long to live for a mistake........one marrys you and has something else to gain.............. your the fool......... It staired you in the face................ they married me because it wasn't there money at all......... I am from New England.......... state!  Someone didn't shake hard enough..............
From:	j furner <j_furner@yahoo.com>
Sent:	Saturday, July 1, 2006 10:38 PM
To:	Lakeworth5@aol.com; Shannonb40@aol.com; cjennings@lakeworth.org; brandenburg.mary@myfloridahouse.com; atwater.jeffrey.web@flsenate.gov; Dawson, Mandy; Bullard, Larcenia; Aronberg, Dave; Bill@billnelson.senate.gov; Mel_Martinez@martinez.senate.gov; kmarcus@co.palm-beach.fl.us; jkoons@co.palm-beach.fl.us; wnewell@co.palm-beach.fl.us; mmccarty@co.palm-beach.fl.us; baaronso@co.palm-beach.fl.us; tmasilot@co.palm-beach.fl.us; agreene@co.palm-beach.fl.us; swestpha@co.palm-beach.fl.us; mdrautz@lakeworth.org; Governor Jeb Bush
Cc:	ladecker@mindspring.com
Subject:	Solving Problems in the City of Lake Worth

Sylvia and all (especially Gov. Bush and Sen. Nelson),
Thanks for writing that e-mail, you really emphasized
the whole of our problems in the City of Lake Worth. 
I appreciate you takind the time to do this.  I pray
and hope our elected officials will start listening to
us and help us with all these problems in the City of
Lake Worth.  Today I received e-mails and a week ago a
letter from Sen. Nelson, what is strange is that Gov.
Bush says to contact the US FL Senators and Sen.
Nelson said to contact Gov. Bush, they all pass the
buck and no one does anyone, I am starting to know
which onse I won't vote for again.  We need help, no
more passing the buck, we have serious problems in
this city.  Please Sen. Nelson and Gov. Bush, work
together to help us.  We need your support
desparately. Too, Sylvia can you please keep an eye on
my house while I am away, as now I am worried for all
the crazy fireworks and my yard or house catching on
fire while I am on vacation.  We need help, please
elected officals, step up to the plate and helps us
once and for all.

Peace,
Joe Furner

--- Lakeworth5@aol.com wrote:

> I too, am appauled at the lack of respect being
> shown to the taxpayers  and 
> homeoners on the west side of our city! I've only
> lived in my home a little  
> more than 5 years, and in the last 2, I feel I,ve
> been transported to a foreign  
> land! The crime here is a constant. Life is anything
> but dull in our  
> neighborhood, what with the constant parade of drunk
> ( non english speaking  
> individuals), the unattractive prostitutes, the
> crack dealers(on foot, on bikes,  and 
> even in brand new vehicles with temporary tags!) You
> can probably even smell  
> our neighborhood, when the winds come out of the
> west, the scent of stale beer 
>  cans and bottles that litter every hedge, mixed
> with urine, cause our 
> migrant  workers can,t hold their beer between their
> apartment and the convience 
> store on  their way to purchase more alcohol! The
> July 4th holiday is fast 
> approaching,  and that will be a treat as well. We
> will all be up till 2am, whether 
> we like it  or not! and once again we will be forced
> to clean up someone elses 
> mess! I just  hope they don't catch anyones house on
> fire! Our City 
> officials, are not  responding to our plea's for
> help! all we want is a safe clean 
> neighborhood. We  bought homes in Lake worth, with
> the intent of living the 
> American Dream, (  instead, we are living a
> nightmare, and afraid for our safety) 
> There have been  too many muggings of immigrants on
> our street, now some of them 
> are carrying  knives for protection! The gang
> activity seems to be getting 
> worse as grafitti  is popping up all over again!
> Prostitution houses are 
> constantly moving from one  street to the other! and
> I suspect drug dealers have 
> taken up residence in close  proximity to our homes.
> The speeding vehicles in our 
> area is amazing, 0 to 60 in  10 seconds! The stop
> signs are not very effective 
> either, nor are the do not  enter signs! Code
> enforcment needs to get busy, 
> as these run down apartment  buildings are seriously
> affecting our property 
> values,   even  our respectful migrant workers
> deserve better living 
> accomodations! My  concern is not just for myself or
> even my neighborhood, but all the 
> citzens of  lake Worth. We could have a beautiful
> City, if only our Elected 
> Officials would  join us in makling it happen!
> Respectfully,
> Sylvia Williams 207 N. D. st Lake Worth
> 


__________________________________________________
Do You Yahoo!?
Tired of spam?  Yahoo! Mail has the best spam protection around 
http://mail.yahoo.com 
From:	Ann & Wayne Seifried <wseifri1@tampabay.rr.com>
Sent:	Saturday, July 1, 2006 10:33 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush

You and the Florida legislature are a disgrace! Between what your doing to our enviroment, our state, the wild life and the gulf of mexico is a sin. You and your family(take your brother please) should move back to the greasy state of Texas and hang out in the oil fields and nasty beaches. You don't seem to care how your children, or their children grow up.(Do you even care)  You only want instant gratifications and don't care about our childrens future or the future of our state. ( Do you understand why your daughter is in rehab? Has anyone ever been home? Maybe she doesn't see a future and thats why she abuses drugs!) Did you check out our rating as a state in education?? The sickening low rate of graduation? Do you get that the FCAT isn't working!  Do you understand any of this!!! Please wake up and do some for the good of all Florida or step aside and let someone who cares take over!!! From a very concerned citizen who is sick of the distruction of our state!
From:	Johnny Keeker <cypresstower@yahoo.com>
Sent:	Saturday, July 1, 2006 10:24 PM
To:	Tanner.Holloman@fldfs.com; SabolicA@dfs.state.fl.us; Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Workers Compensation

§440.525 says: “...Examinations or investigations by the department (of insurance) may address, but are not limited to addressing ...patterns or practices of harassment, coercion, or intimidation of claimants.”
 
This is a law that really needs to be enforced.  It gives the DFS the power to address harassment, coercion, or intimidation of claimants.  Still this issue has not been enforced by the DFS.  We need to take this statute in to our lawmakers and ask them to find out why this provision with in the law is not being enforced and what the lawmakers are going to do about it.  Most of us here have been harassed or coerced in some form. It is time for us to ask the DFS and the legislature to enforce this statute.
 
Louis Mazzacane
1798 Harbor Lane 
Naples, Florida 34104
239 793 2346

  _____  

Yahoo! Music Unlimited - Access over 1 million songs. Try it free. 
From:	JAVIER CASTELLO <javiercastello30@hotmail.com>
Sent:	Saturday, July 1, 2006 10:04 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Cc:	president@whitehouse.gov
Subject:	[*] TO ANNEX TO TEXAS MONTERREY (TEXICO)

GOBERNADOR JEB BUSH POR FAVOR HAGA LLEGAR ESTE CORREO A SU HERMANO EL 
PRESIDENTE  BUSH. GRACIAS MR. PRESIDENT BUSH or RICK PERRY  IS URGENT TAKES 
The CONTROL From The MEXICO GOVERNMENT SINCE I NARCODEAL HAS INVADED And 
CORRUPTED The MEXICO GOVERNMENT, MEXICO IS A DANGER FOR The United States SO 
  AS IT IS IT IRAQ, AFGANISTAN, HAITI, PLEASE IT RELEASES to the TOWN OF 
MEXICO OF THIS BADLY GOVERNMENT WHO ALLOWS THAT The NARCOTICS TRAFFICKERS 
WALK BY ALL The COUNTRY AS IF OUTSIDE HER OWN HOUSE, The GOVERNMENT OF 
MEXICO ARE WEAK And SHE DOES NOT HAVE HARD HAND And SHE SIGNS AGAINST The 
DELINQUENCY And I NARCODEAL THAT SHE CONTINUES POISONING The YOUTH OF UNITED 
STATES, IN COMPLICITY WITH The MEXICO GOVERNMENT IS NECESSARY THAT TAKE 
POSSESSION FROM MEXICO, THAT ARE APPROPRIATED MEXICO Or AT LEAST AGAIN LEON, 
COAHUILA And TAMAULIPAS And SURGA A NEW STATE TEXICO, THAT ANNEXES The NORTH 
FROM MEXICO To TEXAS, The NARCOTICS TRAFFICKERS CAN BE UNITED WITH ALKAEDA 
TERRORISTS And TO ENTER UNITED STATES BY The PRESENT BORDER WITH MEXICO, IS 
URGENT FORMS TEXICO, TO TAKE OVER OF MEXICO Or SINGLE Of the NORTH THEY 
REMEMBER THAT The NEW LEON THIS The RIVER BASIN OF TOWNS WHERE THERE IS MUCH 
I REFUEL, GAS And IT IS A VERY RICH REGION And IT MUST BELONG To The UNITED 
STATES, MR. PRESIDENT BUSH The MEXICO GOVERNORS DO NOT SERVE ARE BAD And 
CORRUPT IT INVADES MEXICO, IT TAKES POSSESSION FROM MEXICO And ANEXX To 
THEIR COUNTRY, TERRITORY, BESIDES TAKES CONTROL Of The MEXICO GOVERNMENT SO 
THAT IT PUNISHES And IT TAKES BEFORE JUSTICE To the NARCOTICS TRAFFICKERS 
And DELINQUENTS WHOM THEY POISON To The CHILDHOOD OF UNITED STATES, IS NOT 
IDIOT ALREADY ACTION SOON DO SOMETHING, TAKES The CONTROL From the POWER IN 
MEXICO TO HURRY UP. The MEXICO TOWN NEEDS FREEDOM LIBERENOS MR. PRESIDENT 
BUSH, NO LONGER THIS NOTHING MAS SEEING AS The NARCOTICS TRAFFICKERS 
APPROPRIATE THEMSELVES MEXICO TO INTRODUCE The DRUG ALOS UNITED STATES, 
DETAIN OR DOES SOMETHING And EXTENDS The BORDERS OF UNITED STATES UNTIL 
LIMITS WHERE MEXICO(TEXICO) WITH GUATEMALA FINISHES, MEXICO REMEMBERS IS 
PROPERTY OF UNITED STATES FROM 1847, MEXICO BELONGS To HIM To UNITED STATES, 
UNITED STATES ARE OWNERS OF MEXICO The UNICO THAT LACKS IS TO TAKE 
POSSESSION And YOU WILL APPROPRIATE, TO INVADE Or AS THEY WANT IT TO CALL 
MEXICO IT BELONGS To THEM THAT THEY HOPE TO TAKE IT OR THEY WAKE UP And THEY 
TAKE The CONTROL FROM MEXICO THAT CANNOT Or ARE SCARED ARE NOT COWARDLY IF 
PERHAPS THEY HAVE ENTERED IRAQ CANNOT TAKE The CONTROL FROM MEXICO IF YOU DO 
NOT MAKE The NARCOTICS TRAFFICKERS And TERRORISTS ALREADY IF THEY GO IT To 
MAKE .ANEXX NEW LEON(MONTERREY) To TEXAS TEXICO.GOVERNMENT OF UNITED STATES 
OF AMERICA NOT BECAUSE THEY ARE SO SLOW BECAUSE THEY THINK TOO MUCH To HIM 
And THEY DO NOT COME To MEXICO TO TAKE CONTROL OF GOVERNMENT, IF MEXICO 
BELONGS To THEM FROM 1847, BECAUSE THEY DO NOT TAKE POSSESSION FROM MEXICO, 
ARE NOT ESTUPIDS FROM 1847 WHEN THEY DEFEATED To MEXICO TO HAVE BEEN WITH 
ALL The TERRITORY OF MEXICO And THEY DID NOT DO IT THAT IDIOT THEY ARE 
KNOWING THAT MEXICO BELONGS To THEM To YOU BECAUSE YOU ARE SO FOOLISH And 
THEY DO NOT GOVERN MEXICO OR  OF THINGS And THEY DO NOT WANT TO COVER The 
SUN WITH The FINGER COME OR TO TAKE The CONTROL FROM MEXICO And OF The RIVER 
BASIN OF TOWNS And DEL HOLE OF IT DONATES, Or ARE SCARED TO THE MEXICO 
GOVERNMENT THAT HAPPENS TO THEM TO BE SLEEPY ALREADY COME SOON.MR. PRESIDENT 
BUSH. BECAUSE IT DOES NOT HELP US, YOU HAVE TO ABSORB Or TO APPROPRIATE 
THEMSELVES MEXICO SINCE The GOVERNORS OF THIS PAIS DO NOT SERVE, YOU ARE 
BETTER, The STUPID THAN YOU IN 1847 COMMITTED OF NOT TO HAVE APPROPRIATED 
MEXICO WHEN THEY ALREADY WERE IN MEXICO IS A TRUE IDIOTEZ, IF YOU THEY TOOK 
SERIOUS POSSESSION OF MEXICO ESTADUNIDOS GREAT A MAS NATION And RICH MAS 
SINCE MEXICO IS RICO IN I REFUEL And YOU NEED IT, ADEMAS IS GOLD And MANY 
MAS WEALTH THAT IF YOU SERIOUS GOVERNARAN MEXICO BETTER, IS NOT SLOW MEXICO 
BELONGS To THEM, MEXICO MUST MUCH MONEY To THEM, I DIMINISH THEM GUSTARIA 
THAT The United States IT WAS NOT RICH And GREAT A MAS NATION And PROSPERS, 
The PRESIDENT WHO IN 1847 DESPUES TO INVADE MEXICO And TO WAVE HIS BEAUTIFUL 
FLAG OF The BARS And The STARS ARE A DONKEY, IF THEM HABIAN ALREADY WON To 
MEXICAN BECAUSE NOT TO TAKE POSSESSION FROM MEXICO HE WAS The VERY BAD, 
MEXICAN QUERIAN To YOU And WE WANT THEM BY OUR RULERS And IF HE DOES NOT 
STUDY HISTORY And SIDE THAT WHEN The AMERICAN SOLDIERS TOOK A WALK BY The 
CITY OF MEXICO FOOT PEOPLE THEY THAT HAD LEFT, PLEASE AYUDENOS FOX DOES NOT 
KNOW GOVERNAR, IS MUCH CORRUPTION And IF YOU WANT TO HELP AS THEY HELPED US 
IRAQ TO RELEASE to the TOWN OF The OPPRESSION And TO GIVE FREEDOM THEM, 
AYUDENOS ALSO To US BECAUSE AQUI ALL The POLITICOS DO NOT SERVE And WE 
NEEDED THEIR AID COME SOON And TAKE POSSESSION FROM MEXICO FOR The United 
States


From:	acrock43_j@yahoo.com
Sent:	Saturday, July 1, 2006 9:56 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Article from LifeSiteNews.com

Hello,

Alisa Craddock (acrock43_j@yahoo.com) has recommended the following news to you from LifeSiteNews.com:

Nurse Who Testified Against Michael Schivo Has Nursing Licence Revoked

By Peter J. Smith
Florida, June 30, 2006 (LifeSiteNews.com) – A North Country Gazette exclusive reveals that Florida’s Department of Health has demanded the nursing license and nearly $1700 dollars in fines and administrative costs from a nurse who gave public testimony in the case of Terri Schiavo...

The full text of the story is available at: 
http://www.lifesite.net/ldn/2006/jun/06063013.html

Your friend said:
Dear Governor Bush,

    If this story is accurate, it is an abuse of power to terminate this woman and deprive her of her livlihood by revoking her license for speaking of what is already on the record.  I expect something better than this in a Red state. I hope that the miscarriage of justice that cost Terry Schiavo her life will not now be continued against one who spoke up for her. Would you please look into this, and see that this woman is treated fairly?  Thank you.

Alisa Craddock
Jacksonville, FL

This page was sent using our send-to-friend service. Your email address has not been added to any list and has not been recorded at our site.
From:	MShe753694@aol.com
Sent:	Saturday, July 1, 2006 8:29 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	(no subject)

I just want to Thank You for your unwavering commitment to restoring fairness,balance and common sense to Florida'a legal system.
Martha B. Sherman
From:	Ron Pelham <jrpelham@cox.net>
Sent:	Saturday, July 1, 2006 8:20 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	ccw state parks

i am not sure how i feel about this bill on one hand i believe in ones right to self protection, but wild life areas should also be cleared by fish and wildlife, tough call, but support your choice in the matter, as a level headed person i believe you will decide for the best of the citizens!
From:	SAAUSAMGR@aol.com
Sent:	Saturday, July 1, 2006 7:35 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	I support HB 1029... Thank you Governor Bush.

I support HB 1029.. Thank you Governor Bush.
 
When you decide to run for President you will have my whole family voting for you.
 
Ed Palvig
Fort Lauderdale 33305
From:	Fred K Thomas <fkt257@juno.com>
Sent:	Saturday, July 1, 2006 7:02 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	my letter of June 29th
Attachments:	spears.doc

This attachment should have been with my letter
From:	Fred K Thomas <fkt257@juno.com>
Sent:	Saturday, July 1, 2006 6:52 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Letter Attached
Attachments:	Doris Thomas.doc

Hope you agree with me.  I would like to receive your opinion

Doris Thomas
From:	Laika Morgan <whistleblow2k6@yahoo.com>
Sent:	Saturday, July 1, 2006 6:53 PM
To:	Kirby Mole; Kathryn Parker
Cc:	cecil.bragg@dot.state.fl.us; Governor Jeb Bush; Denver Stutler
Subject:	[*] Conflict of Interest and Collusion in District 6
Attachments:	2607560197-conflict_of_interest.doc

Kirby J. Mole:
 
In April 2005, Mr. Javier Rodriguez was hired as the Intelligent Transportation Systems (ITS) Freeway Operations Engineer, for District 6, Miami, FL, FDOT. Mr. Rodriguez was a former employee of the HNTB Corporation, local office located in Miami, FL.
 
Shortly thereafter, a Mr. Manuel Fontan was hired as the ITS Project Engineer, he was also a former employee of the HNTB Corporation local office in Miami, FL. Mr Fontan worked briefly at District 4 in Ft. Lauderdale; Mr. Fontan did work and personally knows Mr. Rodriguez as a co-worker while they were both HNTB employees.
 
Both Mr. Rodriguez and Mr. Fontan while at HNTB Corporation were supervised, by Mr. Ghirish Kumar, PE.  Mr. Kumar is getting paid by public agencies to facilitate what is called the Traffic Incident Management Committee (TIM) held locally in district 6, Miami, FL; and also regionally held in Orlando, FL. 
 
Mr. Kumar is working on a proposal that would land HNTB a contract to create a control center in the Transportation Management Center (TMC) in District 6, in Miami, FL. The contract would allow Miami Dade Expressway Authority (MDX) to have control center operators in the district 6 TMC with Separate phone lines, separate line personnel, separate billing. Interesting enough the district 6 TMC is already doing what is being proposed by HNTB and has been for 7 plus years, and on a second note the proposal is being presented by Mr. Angel Reanos (HNTB), a former district 6 employee who was released by the State of Florida in April 2005, as an employee of the Resource Technology Company (RTC) for fraud and conflict of interest in doing personal business with Alex Ramos and Maggie Ramos, owners of Sunshine Towing, Miami, FL. 
 
The proposal is about to be realized in that Mr. Kumar is about to close the deal that could result in the purposely redirected work that could generate thousands in extra money for the firm (HNTB),using their inside pull (Mr. Rodriguez and Mr. Fontan), one of which (Mr. Rodriguez) could have possibly violated hiring rules for career service by coming directly from a contractor hired by the state of Florida (no time between), eliminating any fair competition for the open position and opening up deals like this one.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Both Mr. Rodriguez and Mr. Fontan are involved in the proposal process with HNTB.
 
As a side note in a staff meeting for district 6, Traffic Operations on November 29, 2005 at 1045 am, a Mr. Jesus A. Martinez was quoted as saying the following “I personally recruited Javier Rodriguez” Mr. Martinez made this statement in front of all traffic operations personnel. 
 
Mr. Martinez made the decision to hire him before anyone else; his starting salary is $72,000, after that Mr. Martinez made another statement about the state of Florida not having enough (rate) money to promote or gives raises.
 
These values as published on this address http://www.myflorida.com/agency/48/ are being abused and used for personally gain and opportunities and those abuses should be out in the open.
 
Our Values
Integrity
We are committed to honesty, loyalty and a high standard of ethical conduct.
 
Excellence
We achieve performance excellence through hard work, innovation, creativity and prudent risk taking
 
Respect
We value diversity, talent and ideas. We believe every individual should contribute and have the opportunity to be heard.
 
Teamwork
We accomplish our goals by working together and relying on each other.
 
References:
 
Mr. Jesus A. Martinez, P.E.
Phone: 305-499-2446
Email: jesus.martinez@dot.state.fl.us
Florida Department of Transportation
District 6
1001 NW 111 Ave, Miami, FL 33172
 
Mr. Javier Rodriguez, P.E.
Phone: (305) 470 5830
Fax: (305) 470-6969
Florida Department of Transportation
District 6
1001 NW 111 Ave, Miami, FL 33172
 
 
 
 
 
Mr. Manuel Fontan
Phone: (305) 470-5830
Fax: (305) 470-6969
Florida Department of Transportation
District 6
1001 NW 111 Ave, Miami, FL 33172
 
Mr. Ghirish Kumar, P.E.
Phone:(305) 551-8100
Fax: (305) 551-2800
8700 West Flagler ST.
Ste. 200
Miami, FL 33174
HNTB Corporation
 
Mr. Angel Reanos
Phone: (305) 551-8100
Fax: (305) 551-2800
8700 West Flagler ST.
Ste. 200
Miami, FL 33174
HNTB Corporation
 
Mr. Servando Parapar
Phone: (305) 637-3277
Fax: (305) 637-3283
Miami-Dade Expressay Authority
3790 NW 21st Street
Miami, FL 33142
 
David Roman
Phone: 954.385.5405
Fax: 954.385.5375
Resource Technology Corporation
2645 Executive Park Drive
Suite 158
Weston, FL 33331
 
See attached for electronic copy and full refernces:

  _____  

Do you Yahoo!?
Everyone is raving about the all-new Yahoo! Mail Beta.
From:	Charlie <chworrelljr@yahoo.com>
Sent:	Saturday, July 1, 2006 6:49 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Patrick Moore: Ex-founder of Green Peace.

Please consider Patrick Moore's direction with environmental issues, 
and means to resolve them. Very interesting. I strongly believe if his 
direction to resolve environmental issues are considered by the 
Republican Party, this would do great things for both concerned. At least he is 
trying to meet us in a positive way.

http://www.greenspirit.com/logbook.cfm?msid=83

Charles Worrell
120 Cholula Ct.
Pensacola, FL 32506
MailScanner has detected a possible fraud attempt from "us.f608.mail.yahoo.com" claiming to be chworrelljr@yahoo.com


  _____  

Want to be your own boss? Learn how on Yahoo! Small Business. 
From:	Jack Thompson <magiccity@comcast.net>
Sent:	Saturday, July 1, 2006 6:16 PM
To:	kbryk@flabar.org; stuma@flabar.org; asankel@flabar.org; bmin@flabar.org; tboggs@flabar.org; Rodriguez, Raquel; richardb@gtlaw.com; dpollack@swmwas.com; Governor Jeb Bush; ray reiser; hmc@bedellfirm.com; abb@esclaw.com; phill@flabar.org; jharkness@flabar.org; rlazarus@flabar.org; russell@normkent.com; norm@normkent.com; michael@fla-lap.org; judy@fla-lap.org; scott@fla-lap.org; mail@fla-lap.org; lak@tewlaw.com; slerman@lsl-law.com; Benard, Andy; Law, Phyllis; Clark, Gwendolyn; Lawson, Peggy; Michael.Gorman@myflorida.com; MacInnes, Erin; Green, Austin; Martinez, Carlos; Hartin, Chip; Nunez, Alex; Laurabethjohnson@fdle.state.fl.us; Peters, Robin; Kerski, John; Reddinger, Michelle; Vivian
Subject:	Norm Kent, please get help for what you admit you do
Attachments:	Norm Kent, July 1, 2006.doc

Importance:	High

John B. Thompson, Attorney at Law

1172 South Dixie Hwy., Suite 111

Coral Gables, Florida 33146

305-666-4366

 

July 1, 2006

 

Norm Kent

Kent & Cormican

Ft. Lauderdale, Florida Via e-mail

 

Re:  Your Admitted Marijuana Use

 

Dear Mr. Kent:

 

You have now filed two successive Replies to a Request for Admissions in Kent v. Thompson in which you admit marijuana use since July 1, 2004.  The below, available at  http://www.lawcf.org/dox/doc_42.doc, may help convince you to get help.  Others are not the source of your problems; you are: 

 

COALITION AGAINST

CANNABIS

 


10 medical reasons why cannabis should NOT be reclassified:


The adverse health effects of cannabis 


The Government is intending to reclassify cannabis from a schedule B to a schedule C drug.

 

1.      Cannabis today is, on average, 10 times stronger than in the 1960s.

The concentration of THC – Tetrahydrocannabinol - the psychoactive ingredient of cannabis, has increased from 0.5% to over 5%. The early research was done on those low concentrations.   (Jan Ranstrom,  Adverse Health Consequences of Cannabis Use, 1998, Socialstyrelsen, Sweden.)

 

2.      THC is fat-soluble, 50% persists for nearly one week, and 10% for one month in the brain.

Even when smoking ‘only’ 1 or 2 joints a month, brain cells are never clear of cannabis. This contrasts with alcohol, which is cleared relatively quickly from the body  (Nahas G, Latour C. The Human Toxicity of Marijuana, The Medical Journal of Australia, 1992.)

 

3.      Addiction, both psychological and physical, can occur.

Approximately 10% of all users and up to 90% of regular users become dependent. Of the 6 million drug addicts in the USA, 60% are dependent on marijuana. In the US, more young people are being treated now for cannabis dependence, than for alcohol.  (Prof Colin Drummond, Professor of Addiction Psychiatry, House of Lords 28th November 2002; John Walters, USA Drug Tsar, in an interview, quoting data from American Drug Statistics, 17 Sept. 2002.)

 

4.      Cannabis increases the risk of developing mental illness including schizophrenia, psychosis, depression, suicidal behaviour and anxiety.

The risk of developing a psychotic disorder is almost tripled. Young male users are 5 times more likely to be violent. Using cannabis 50 times or more increased the risk of psychosis by a factor of 6.7. (Arsenault L et al: Arch Gen  Psychiatry, vol 57 Oct. 2000 and Zammit S et al.: British Med Journal 2002; 325,  1195ff.)

 

5.      Smoking cannabis during pregnancy harms unborn children.

Babies are smaller, and in childhood, their cognitive functioning shows impairment up to the age of six. (Day NL et al. Neurotoxm Teratol 1994. Fried PA: Archives of Toxicology 1995 (suppl) 17: 233-60.)

 

6.      Educational opportunities are lost.

Concentration, attention span, learning and memory are all severely affected. Cannabis can cause damage to brain cells. Few children, using cannabis even occasionally, will achieve their full potential. Loss of interest in hobbies, sports, school and inability to sustain attention are observed with cannabis use. (Nadia Solowij, Cannabis and Cognitive Functioning, Cambridge Univ. Press, 1998. American Academy of Pediatrics. Pediatrics 1999; Baroness Susan Greenfield, The real danger of cannabis, The Observer 18.8.02)

 

7.      Young Cannabis users risk cancer.

Cannabis smoke contains 50% more of the same carcinogens as tobacco smoke. Three to four joints a day are as damaging as 20 cigarettes a day. As compared with smoking tobacco, smoking cannabis causes a threefold increase in tar inhaled. Lung, head and neck cancers in young cannabis users have been observed. These cancers usually occur in ciagarette smokers in their 60s. (British Lung Foundation 2002 report on Cannabis: A smoking gun?  Wengen DF, Laringorhinotologie, 1993; Hall W, Solowij N. Lancet 1998; 35: 1611-16.; Wu TC et al New England Journal of Medicine 1998; 318: 347-51.)

 

8.      Cannabis increases the risk of heart attack by a factor of five.

After smoking cannabis, blood pressure and pulse rates rise and middle-aged people are 5 times more likely to suffer a heart attack. (Mittleman M et al. Circulation 2001; 103: 2805-9.)

 

9.      Cannabis smoking can lead to the use of harder drugs such as cocaine and heroin.

Weekly users are 60 times more likely to progress to harder drugs. Adolescents who use cannabis are 104 times as likely to use cocaine compared with those who never smoked cannabis. Almost 100% of heroin addicts started on cannabis.  (Fergusson  DM, Horwood, JL: Addiction 2002; 95: 505-20.  American Academy of Pediatrics, Pediatrics 1999)

 

10.  Although 10 times as many people drink alcohol, cannabis is involved in a similar number of vehicle accidents.

10% of drivers involved in fatal accidents tested positive for cannabis, 80% of which did not have alcohol above the legal limit. Twenty-four hours after one single joint, airline pilots on flight simulators were still making mistakes, but were unaware of their reduced performance.  (Soderstrom CA, et al. Arch Surg June 1988. Prof CH Ashton in evidence to the House of Lords Select Committee April 1998)

 

Warning about the grave consequences of reclassification of cannabis, Lambeth GP Dr Clare Gerada speaking at the Consultation ‘Cannabis – A cause for concern’, held in November 2002 in the House of Lords said: 

‘I do not want to go headlong into another public health epidemic – have we not learnt from 60 years of tobacco?’

From:	C&L Blackwell <blckwllclaak5@verizon.net>
Sent:	Saturday, July 1, 2006 5:55 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	[*] Firing of Virgil Rizzo

Yeah, there is a reason why the "powers that be" protested...
 
Mr. Rizzo was doing a good job and the "powerS that be" didn't want to lose the "power they have" over the poor, huddled masses yearning to be free...
 
I'm DISGUSTED.
From:	Vicki Williams <Sillyvikky@Earthlink.com>
Sent:	Friday, June 30, 2006 4:05 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Cc:	Sillyvikky@Earthlink.net
Subject:	[*] 

You know it easy to find out all they have to do is look at the blue prints........ or plug this aircondition in some were else.  Its were the air conditioner vent in the front were it cools both rooms.  My phone line is blue with paint one it,.  looks like a homemade deal.......Vicki
From:	Ted Darnowski <tdarnows@bellsouth.net>
Sent:	Saturday, July 1, 2006 3:52 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	New Doggie Law

Dear Governor Bush

Thank you for the new law allowing me to take my best friend to a 
designated outdoor dinning area. They are far more than pets. They are 
family and Scooter and I offer our deepest sympathy for your loss. In the 
past I have lost a very special dog that was always there for me when times 
were real difficult. I know the pain but just knowing that my buddy will be 
waiting for me over the Rainbow Bridge helps to bear the pain. You have a 
thankless job, sir, but I am thanking you for making my life much happier.
Sincerely,
Ted Darnowski
6730 SW 10th Ct
Pembroke Pines, Fl 33023

From:	judybug53@comcast.net
Sent:	Saturday, July 1, 2006 3:06 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	[*] drunk drivers

Recently, an innocent young man, was violently killed, in the safety of his own home, by a drunk driver....Chris Villar, as I am sure you have heard..This NEEDS to stop..The penalties NEED to be tougher on the drivers..This just isnt right!!!!!

Judy Hartman

 a voice from another state and in pain for this family...
From:	ABUTOM@aol.com
Sent:	Saturday, July 1, 2006 2:46 PM
To:	comments@whitehouse.gov; Governor Jeb Bush; first.lady@whitehouse.gov; president@whitehouse.gov; BushCheney04@GeorgeWBush.com; mrs.cheney@whitehouse.gov; vice.president@whitehouse.gov; monica@wabcradio.com; kenmehlman@gop.com
Cc:	ailes@foxnews.com; ABUTOM@aol.com
Subject:	POLL NUMBERS

TIME, THE MARINE KILLING MAGAZINE SAYS YOU ARE STILL BELOW 40%  AND MARINE KILLING MSNC AGREES.
 
WELL LET'S POLL VAULT OVER THOSE NUMBERS BY 
1- STAYING IN THE FACE OF THE MEDIA CREATING YOUR OWN FAVORABLE LIME LIGHT
2- GETTING SOME OF THE LEAKERS.
3-RESUBMITTING THE BURNING FLAG ISSUE.
4-STARTING A NATIONAL POOL PICK THE DAY BIN LADEN AND ZAWAHIRI GETS WACKED.
5 HAVE THE NY TIMES EDITORS AND OWNERS TESTIFY BEFORE CONGRESS.
6-DRIVE BY AND CREAM PIE BLOODY MURTHA.
7-DROP IN ON DONNA FIDUCIA FROM FOX NEWS AND GIVE HER A NEW FLAG PIN. SHE IS THE ONLY GAL ON TV WEARING ONE.
8- BE SEEN CARRYING MY BOOK. THAT WILL DRIVE YOUR ENEMIES NUTS.
 
THEY NEVER HEARD OF THE BOOK AND THEY WILL HAVE TO BUY IT. I SENT YOU, DON RUMSFELD AND THE MRS. A COPY.
 
9- DO SURPRISE VISITS UN ANNOUNCED. DO NEW YORK ON 911. MORE PICTURES WITH THE LITTLE PEOPLE. 
 
10- GIVE THE CIA NOTICE. EITHER WE GET BIN LADEN IN THE TENTH ROUND OR ELSE EVERYBODY GETS TRANSFERRED TO FEMA FOR ICE AND WATER DUTY.
 
TOM O'DONNELL 911- NEW YORK. TEL 718-356-6421

MATCH THE MUSIC TO THE CHAPTER YOU ARE READING.

 

New Book Notification from TRAFFORD PUBLISHING

A GREAT TROOP MORALE BUILDER.

Read more about this book:

Title: The Spirit of America Party
ISBN: 1-4120-7965-9

Click here -> http://www.trafford.com/4dcgi/view-item?item=11296 




   

HI, I'M CAPTAIN BOYCOTT AND I SAY-SAY GOOD-BYE TO HOLLYWOOD.

If you arrived here you probably purchased my book. For which I thank you. I hope it makes your day. I welcome your comments. 

e-mail:abutom@AOL.COM God and Country forever.

 

 

Military - US Marines' Hymn - Marine Corps Band.mp3

 

CHAPTER 1-DRUGS SUCK

 

DRUGS SUCK

TOMB OF THE UNKNOWN JUNKIE PLEASE DON'T SMOKE THE PERPETUAL CARE PLANT.

Huey Lewis & The News - It's Hip To Be Square.mp3

CHAPTER TWO -TERRORISM

 

faithstar.mp3

TERRORISM-MYSON.mp3 FOR MELISSA  macusla collins.mp3 FOR THE KIDS indreams.mp3

CHAPTER 3- FLAG BURNERS

 

NEVER TRUST A FLAG BURNER OF RECORD. 

Clancy Brothers And Tommy Makem - Patriot Games.mp3

CHAPTER 4-SAVE THE KIDS

 

DID GOD HAVE A HAND IN THIS?

SPINA BIFADA CORRECTION OPERATION IN THE WOMB 16 WEEKS BIG. GRIPPING?

Lamb of God.mp3

CHAPTER 5- THE CATHOLIC CHURCH



HOLLYWOOD MOCKS THEM. GOD LOVES THEM.

 YOU HAVE THE RIGHT TO REMAIN CATHOLIC.

David Haas - You Are Mine.mp3 

John McDermott - Shelter Me_0616171648.mp3

CHAPTER 6- (9-1-1)

 

The proud warriors of Baker Company wanted to do something to pay tribute to our fallen comrades.  So since we are part of the only Marine Infantry Battalion left in Iraq the one way that we could think of doing that is by taking a picture of Baker Company saying the way we feel.  It would be awesome if you could find a way to share this with our fellow countrymen.  I was wondering if there was any way to get this into your papers to let the world know that "WE HAVE NOT FORGOTTEN" and are proud to serve our country.  SemperFi.

BAKER COMPANY WE LOVE YOU. All are 911 New Yorkers 

DANNYBOY.mp3   

final farewell but never forgotten ever!

 

and when you come and all the flowers are dying

 

and find me dead and dead I well may be.

- 

you'll come and find the place where I am lying

 

and kneel and say an AVE there for me.

 

and I will feel though soft you tread above me

 

and then my spirit warmer sweeter be

 

for you will bend and tell me that you love me

 

and I will sleep in peace until you come to me. 

 

AMEN.

 Our enemies danced this day. 

But we never saw the ones dancing offstage.

Pentagon defenseless and helpless. No one was ready. Least of all the 48 senators who voted to burn the flag 40 days before we suffered the biggest defeat in our nations history.

Eternal Father, Strong To Save (United States Navy Hymn) (USN Band & Chorus) (Vocal).mp3 

CHAPTER 7-INTELLIGENCE

Johnny Rivers - Secret Agent Man.mp3

SEEMS SO LONG AGO 

  

2001- calendar  IN HOLLAND PRINTED IN 2000 IN EGYPT

  NEVER AGAIN?

 

THE BEST REASON TO GO TO IRAQ...FOR ONE AMERICAN. Scott Speicher.

John McDermott - O Sacred Head_0616172303.mp3

 

 

The Pow's Anima Christi:  

Still being tortured.

Prisoners of war, Prisoners of the womb they are one and the same. Both are imprisoned,  both are tortured and if you look at the Pow flag the victims head takes a fetal position, bowed. 

There are American prisoners of war still out there suffering.  Feeling abandoned but with a ray of hope that one day they will be rescued. The American prisoner of the womb has no chance of rescue. Execution is certain to take place with in 9 months.  The only stay or pardon is to release the child unharmed. So The Pow's prayer is for all Americans.

Soul of Christ, sanctify me. Body of Christ, save me.

Blood of Christ, inebriate me. Water from the side of Christ wash me.

Passion of Christ, strengthen me O good Jesus, hear me.

Within thy wounds hide me Suffer me not to be separated from Thee

From the malignant enemy, defend me. In the hour of my death, call me

and bid me come to Thee. That with my brothers and sisters I may praise Thee.

Forever and ever. Amen

If you read the above: you just said a prayer and the good news is  that it gives you 300 days off  your sentence in purgatory. See you in Paradise.

 

 

amazing grace pipes.mp3

 

 

NO CONNECTION$$$$$$ JUST A LITTLE DONATION$$$$$$$TAKE FRANCS?

HE IS  STILL PAYING $25,000 PER ISRAELI. HOW MUCH ARE YOU WORTH?

NOW YOU KNOW WHY WE HAD TO TAKE HIM OUT OF THE PICTURE.

Marching Bands - Auburn University - Eye of the Tiger.mp3

No one blamed the House or the Senate. I do.

 



MEMBERSHIP

				
	
DEMOCRATS

	
REPUBLICANS

 	Bob Graham, Florida
Chairman	 	Richard C. Shelby, Alabama
Vice Chairman	
 	Carl Levin, Michigan	 	Jon Kyl, Arizona	
 	John D. Rockefeller, West Virginia	 	James M. Inhofe, Oklahoma	
	Dianne Feinstein, California	 	Orrin Hatch, Utah	
 	Ron Wyden, Oregon	 	Pat Roberts, Kansas	
 	Richard J. Durbin, Illinois	 	Mike DeWine, Ohio	
 	Evan Bayh, Indiana	  	Fred Thompson, Tennessee	
 	John Edwards, North Carolina	 	Richard Lugar, Indiana	
	Barbara Mikulski, Maryland 	

WHEN DIDN'T THEY KNOW AND WHY DIDN'T THEY KNOW IT? LET'S CONNECT THE DOTS. THE DOTS INDICATE THOSE WHO VOTED TO BURN THE FLAG ON AUGUST 2, 2001. S.J.R.7 

Here is a list of our lack of Intelligence Committee members. 

40 days before 4 hijacked planes killed 3,546 Americans.  8 democrats and 1-Republican voted to burn the flag that covered their bodies. please vote all flag burners out of office. America will sleep better and safer. We owe it to the boys and girls yet to die.

 


FULL COMMITTEE MEMBERS


  DEMOCRATS Carl Levin (Michigan) B
Chairman Edward M. Kennedy (Massachusetts)B
Robert C. Byrd (West Virginia)B
Joseph I. Lieberman (Connecticut)B
Max Cleland (Georgia)G
Mary L. Landrieu (Louisiana)B
Jack Reed (Rhode Island)B
Daniel K. Akaka (Hawaii)B
Bill Nelson (Florida)B
E. Benjamin Nelson (Nebraska)B
Jean Carnahan (Missouri)B
Mark Dayton (Minnesota. IN HIDING THIS WEEK.

Jeff Bingaman (New Mexico)B


REPUBLICANS John Warner (Virginia)B
Ranking Member Strom Thurmond (South Carolina)G
John McCain (Arizona)G
Bob Smith (New Hampshire)G
James M. Inhofe (Oklahoma)G
Rick Santorum (Pennsylvania)G
Pat Roberts (Kansas)G
Wayne Allard (Colorado)G
Tim Hutchinson (Arkansas)G
Jeff Sessions (Alabama)G
Susan M. Collins (Maine)G
Jim Bunning (Kentucky)G

FLAG BURNERS REPORT CARD B=VOTED TO BURN THE FLAG 40 DAYS BEFORE THE WTC.

WHEN YOU HEAR SOME SENATOR SPOUTING ISSUES. SEE HOW THEY STOOD ON FLAG BURNING. CHECK THE LIST. THE PRESIDENT NEEDS A WINNING TEAM. FIRE THE FLAG BURNERS. 

On November 1, 1800, just before the election, Adams arrived in the new Capital City to take up his residence in the White House. On his second evening in its damp, unfinished rooms, he wrote his wife, "Before I end my letter, I pray Heaven to bestow the best of Blessings on this House and all that shall hereafter inhabit it. May none but honest and wise Men ever rule under this roof."

THEN CAME THE CLINTONISTAS. BOY DID WE PAY.

LOOK WHAT MASSACHUSETTS SENDS THE NATION NOW.

 QUAGMIRE MAN.

Adams retired to his farm in Quincy. Here he penned his elaborate letters to Thomas Jefferson. Here on July 4, 1826, he whispered his last words: "Thomas Jefferson survives." But Jefferson had died at Monticello a few hours earlier.

President's Day U.S. Presidents: United in Service
Take a look at presidential biographies made by kids and videos about service from the President's Council on Service and Civic Participation.

Second President
1797-1801

CHAPTER 8- BRING BACK THE DRAFT

 

DID YOU KNOW THAT THERE ARE DEMONCRATS BACK HOME THAT WANT TO FIRE YOU FOR SMOKING IF YOU HAVE A GOVERNMENT JOB?

15 Americano.mp3

CHAPTER 9- AMERICAN FUN  DA MENTALISM

 

OH BOY IT'S AL QUEDA TIME AGAIN. DID ANYBODY TELL THEM THE 72 VIRGINS ARE POLAR BEARS?

The Pub With No Beer.mp3

ABU GHRAIB SONG.mp3

THE ONLY POLLS I TRUST. STASHU AND WANDA 
 

JOE BOLTON SONG.mp3

 

DNC COLLAPSE 2006.mp3

CHAPTER 10-OIL CRISIS

 

PORT GATE UPDATE. IF THE CONTAINER IS IN OUR HARBOR IT IS TOO LATE. YOU HAVE TO STOP IT ON THEIR SIDE OF THE POND.

Tommy Dorsey & Peggy Lee - Why Don't You Do Right (1942).mp3

CHAPTER11- $$$$SUPPORT THE TROOPS$$$$$

minstrelboy[2].mp3

 

HERE IS MY CANDIDATE FOR SENATOR

HE IS THINKING OF HIS MARINE CONSTITUENTS NOT HIS LEG.

LET US PAY THEM WHAT THEY ARE TRULY WORTH

ONE MILLION PER COMBAT ZONE DEATH

$500,000 PER LOSS OF EACH LIMB/VITAL ORGAN.

Marching Bands - Texas A&M University - When Johnny Comes Marching Home.mp3

Chuck Berry - Back In The U.S.A..mp3

 

CHAPTER 12

SAY GOOD-BYE TO HOLLYWOOD

 

                                               MADONNA AND BRITTANY AT THE CRAPPIES.
                                        HIPPO CRITTERS. THE NEW DEMONCRATIC PARTY SYMBOL.

SAYGOODBYETOHOLLYWOOD.mp3

 

CHAPTER 13- MOTHERS

 Michelangelo. Pieta.


SHE IS THE SYMBOL OF LOVING MOTHERS ALL OVER THE WORLD. MAY EVERY MOTHER'S CHILD RETURN HOME SAFELY. KEEP THEM IN YOUR PRAYERS. REMEMBER THEIR GREAT SACRIFICE AND CONTRIBUTION FOR OUR PROTECTION.

 

TRUELOVEWAYS.mp3

one great love.mp3

CHAPTER 14-LET'S ROLL.

 

WHAT TIME ON THE CLOCK?  OVER WHAT COUNTRY? WHAT DAY? 

 

73 years of dedication, Wears combat boots with a suit.

Billy Joel - Honesty.mp3

 WE NEED A FIREMAN TO FIGHT THE FIRE.

 

MY COUNTRYTIS.mp3

 

WARPATH.mp3

WE OFFER A GREAT CHALLENGE COIN. A CHALLENGE COIN IS USED TO REWARD TROOPS FOR A JOB WELL DONE. ANYONE CAUGHT WITHOUT THEIR CHALLENGE COIN HAS TO BUY THE FIRST ROUND. IT MAKES A GREAT GIFT TO ONE WHO FEELS FORGOTTEN.

 

FRONT SIDE ACTUAL SIZE IS ABOUT THE SAME AS A  SILVER DOLLAR

 

COST IS $15.00. I HAVE TO BUY ROUNDS TOO. WATCH THE LOOK OF APPRECIATION YOU GET.

YOU CAN ORDER BY CONTACTING ABUTOM@EARTHLINK.NET

MY FIRST COIN WENT TO A LADY ON FOX NEWS WHO ALWAYS WEARS A FLAG PIN.

SALAM, LA PAS AL FINAL-SAHARA-ALABINA.mp3

New Book Notification from TRAFFORD PUBLISHING

A GREAT TROOP MORALE BUILDER.


Read more about this book:

Title: The Spirit of America Party
ISBN: 1-4120-7965-9

Click here -> http://www.trafford.com/4dcgi/view-item?item=11296 

We also broadcast on www.pirateradio.com

After the CIA triangulation truck leaves and the Apaches put the telegraph line back up. Look up talk radio.

 




 

 

From:	Joseph Daraio <joedotdar@hotmail.com>
Sent:	Saturday, July 1, 2006 2:35 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Disgust-corruption.

Joseph Daraio
9523 Taormina St.
Lake Worth, FL 33467-6144


July 1, 2006

The Honorable Jeb Bush
Governor of Florida
The Capitol, 400 S. Monroe St.
Tallahassee, FL 32399-0001


 Governor Bush:

All I can say is dirtbag.
READ BELOW:
Governor's Nonprofit Foundation Has Paid Pollster, Former Campaign Finance 
Chief
    By Dara Kam
    The Palm Beach Post

    Thursday 29 June 2006

    Tallahassee - Gov. Jeb Bush has used his recently revived nonprofit 
foundation to pay a former campaign finance director and two former 
campaign aides.

    Although Bush has said his Foundation for Florida's Future is not a 
way of keeping his political machine intact after he leaves office early 
next year, recent disclosures on the foundation's Web site show that it 
paid:

    * Nearly $99,000 to Ann Herberger, Bush's campaign finance director 
during two campaign and a longtime political fund-raiser for his family.

    * Nearly $70,000 to Neil Newhouse of Washington-based GOP Public 
Opinion Strategies group for polling last October.

    * $48,000 for "management services" to a lobbying and public-affairs 
firm whose staff includes Mandy Clark and Mandy Fletcher. Both worked on 
Bush's reelection campaign and on his brother's presidential reelection 
campaign.

    * $23,500 for "legal services" from the Washington law and lobbying 
firm Patton Boggs.

    * $20,000 in February to GOP political strategist Adam Goodman's The 
Victory Group Inc.

    The foundation has spent about $320,000 of the $1.9 million it has 
raised since Bush revived it in the fall, according to its Web site. Those 
contributions have come from friends, former colleagues and campaign 
contributors, and even the prime minister of Haiti.

    Bush also has tapped three "Rangers" - fund-raisers who brought in at 
least $200,000 for President Bush's 2004 campaign - to sit on the 
foundation's board: Zach Zachariah, a Fort Lauderdale cardiologist; Tom 
Petway, a Jacksonville businessman; and Sergio Pino, a Miami developer.

    In Washington on Wednesday, Bush said the foundation's expenditures 
are within the law and that Herberger's salary comes from donations.

    "It's all pretty transparent, complying with the new law," Bush said. 
"Ann Herberger gets money when she raises money. It's kind of how she 
makes a living."

    But when asked about the subject of the $70,000 poll, Bush said, "I'm 
not going to tell you."

    Bush had said he resurrected the foundation to campaign for a 
constitutional amendment to allow the state to pay for private- and 
religious-school tuition for children in failing schools, but lawmakers 
failed to pass a joint resolution that would have put such a question on 
the ballot in November.

    Although Bush has said he will not seek public office in 2008, 
political strategists say the foundation will keep him from fading out of 
sight.

    "The first time Michael Jordan retired, I bet he didn't quit working 
out. I bet he didn't quit playing basketball. You never know when you want 
to play again. And you want to be in shape if you think, 'I want to play a 
few seasons,'" said GOP strategist Mac Stipanovich.


Sincerely,


Joseph Daraio
(561) 965-9178


From:	Mary Ann Worswick <stephenworswick@yahoo.com>
Sent:	Tuesday, May 30, 2006 7:17 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	[*] MARY WORSWICK

E-Mail To Gov.Jeb Bush
From Mary Ann Worswick.
tel;(941) 505 2649
E-Mail stephenworswick@yahoo.com
 
Because of your thoughtfulness, and the help of Mrs.Dianne Scholtz, in getting back my Medicaid, I was able to do the Pet-Scan I needed, and unhappily it showed that I now have Cancer of the Lymphnodes. My Cancer doctor has referred
me to Mofit Cancer Hospital, for a more thorough examination, as I may have to undergo Surgery.
I am now awaiting MOFIT Cancer Center to set up an appointment to see me.
I am still in Limbo with the Bankrupsy, and do not know if the Court will dismiss it, or grant it, and this is causing me undue stress. Thank you, and God bless you. I would like my Grandkids to meet you before you leave office. You have been very Compassionate to me. I do not know what I'll do when you leave. If you do decide to run for President, you have all my Family to vote for you! I am e-mailing you an article, I read, as it describes you. Thank you. Mary Ann.
From:	bob hall <boball3@earthlink.net>
Sent:	Saturday, July 1, 2006 1:10 PM
To:	Castille, Colleen
Cc:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Water Conservation Needed in Atlanta

                                                                                July 1, 2006
 
 
Colleen Castille
Secretary, Department of Environmental Protection
Commonwealth Blvd.
Tallahassee, FL 
 
Dear Colleen,
 
I have been retired from DEP for two years, but have often wondered why Georgia, and specifically Atlanta, have not been required to implement good water conservation and reuse practices, as we now have in many areas of Florida (I spent my last 10 years in DEP reviewing comprehensive plans for local governments in Florida).  
 
While visiting Atlanta within the last 10 years I have noticed some rather cavalier water use practices in the city.
At one motel near Lenox square a few years back, the pressure from the shower almost knocked me down, which led me to believe that flow restrictors had not been required in the motel plumbing.  It made me wonder about all the other motels, hotels, businesses and homes in the city that is still growing strong.  
 
More recently at one of the newer hotels, the J.W. Marriott near Lenox Square, I had to let the water run for almost five minutes to get hot water for a shower on the eighth floor (my shower took less time than it took to get hot water).  I suggested to the deskclerk upon checkout that water heaters near the sources of use would save a lot of water for the hotel (and for the City of Atlanta that uses the Lake Lanier reservoir).  
 
With such free use of the valuable water resource, it occurred to me that Atlanta has probably not implemented reuse policies that would provide graywater for irrigation of the palatial lawns or public parks in the city, or in the remaining water recharge areas surrounding the city.  And, from my rudimentary observations it is doubtful that there are policies that require plumbing code improvements, or that restrict flows using updated plumbing devices.  It is therefore recommended that before Florida enters into further negotiations on the use of water from the Lake Lanier reservoir, that Georgia, and specifically the ever-expanding city of Atlanta, demonstrate that they have implemented the most current water conservation policies that are similar to those being used in Florida (South Florida would be a poor example of reuse policies, since they are probably still at no more than 6% reuse).  
 
If the states are truly compromising on the water use issue, then it seems that Atlanta needs to do its part by implementing some realistic and workable water conservation policies, similar to those being used by Florida.
 
Sincerely,
 
Robert W. Hall
Retired DEP Planner       
cc:  Editor, Atlanta Constitution
 
p.s.  I would have copied Anthony De Luise who has been mentioned repeatedly as the DEP contact, but I could not find his name or email address in the Myflorida directory.
From:	BagladyBR1@aol.com
Sent:	Saturday, July 1, 2006 12:40 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	lawsuit reform

again you have let down the average citizen....with your well known loyalty to big business and not the citizens who you were elected to serve.  no thanks.
From:	IGS-CPA <IGSHAF@BELLSOUTH.NET>
Sent:	Saturday, July 1, 2006 12:32 PM
To:	RNC; Paul Martell; oreilly@foxnews.com; Nelson Rodriguez; Nelson Baez; Marvin Shultz; justin@blossersayfie.com; John Yock; jmederos@efacpa.com; Geraldo Rojas; Georgina; frcpub@frc.org; Fausto Campuzano; DittosRush@RushLimbaugh.com; Cesar Ortiz; Center for Reclaiming; cavuto@foxnews.com; Angelo Testa; mmshaf
Subject:	Reporter Rosenberg thrill over Supreme Court decision to protect terrorists

Am I the only one in America that feels that the decision by the Supreme Court sets a blow to our fight against the terrorists that want to kill Americans. Apparently like the New York Times, Ms. Rosenberg of the Miami Herald is so happy that the Guantanamo prisoners have won over President Bush.
 
What this means is that the 450 Guantanamo detainees will have access to our courts.  Now, this is the same courts that lets off sexual predators with a slap on the wrist.  How many of you want 450 detainees shipped to America to stand trial in our court.  Bear in mind, that the American taxpayer is going to be paying the attorney's fees. These 450 will probably be released while they await trial. Where would you rather have them -detained in Guantanamo or running free on your streets.  Think about it -these detainees have ties to Al Qaeda.  Al Qaeda is the organization that has vowed to kill every American.
 
But yet Ms. Rosenberg, like the New York Times, is happy that President Bush lost.
 
 
 
Prisoner grateful to Allah and U.S. courts
Osama bin Laden's driver praised Allah upon learning that the Supreme Court had sided with him against President Bush over military trials at U.S. prisons at Guantánamo.
BY CAROL ROSENBERG
crosenberg@MiamiHerald.com


GUANTANAMO BAY NAVY BASE, Cuba -- Osama bin Laden's stunned ex-driver praised Allah three times in Arabic upon learning of his U.S. Supreme Court victory that shut down President Bush's war court, his U.S. military attorney said Friday.

Moreover, Navy Lt. Cmdr. Charles Swift said Salim Hamdan's defense team would arrive at this remote base in southeast Cuba on the Fourth of July to brief the Yemeni with a fourth-grade education on their plan to seek ''a fair trial'' for him.

Hamdan, 36, sounded stunned, said Swift, as he got the first word about the Supreme Court decision Thursday in a 20-minute phone call between Washington and Camp Delta, the Pentagon's sprawling prison camp complex overlooking the Caribbean.

''Alhumdullah, Alhumdullah, Alhumdullah,'' he told his lawyers -- Arabic for ``Praise be to God.''

Four people were on the line -- Hamdan; Swift; a Pentagon-approved defense Arabic translator; and Georgetown Law professor Neal Katyal, Swift's civilian counsel who argued the case at the high court.

''It was moving. There was no whooping and hollering,'' Swift said in an interview Friday with The Miami Herald.

Swift said he could ethically describe the telephone conversation in detail because U.S. military intelligence agents monitored the conversation, meaning attorney-client privilege was breached.

''I could hear in his voice that he was ultimately stunned. He was as caught by surprise by the decision as anyone,'' said Swift, a 19-year career Navy officer, recalling earlier conversations in which Hamdan's legal team laid out his Supreme Court challenge.

Swift said Hamdan had long found it inconceivable that he could win.

'He would say, `He's the president of the United States, and it's the Supreme Court.' ''

`IN YEMEN'

''In Yemen, the president goes to the Supreme Court,'' said Swift. ``You think he loses?''

In the 5-3 ruling, the Supreme Court found that President Bush exceeded his powers with the administration's formula for Military Commissions, which opened in August 2004 and before which 10 Guantánamo captives were charged as al Qaeda co-conspirators.

The first detainee in the dock was Hamdan, a wiry Yemeni who has been held here for four-plus years and admits to working for bin Laden as a driver on his farm in Kandahar, Afghanistan.

But Hamdan argues he did it as a job, earning $200 a month. He claims he never hurt anyone and never conspired with al Qaeda to attack American targets.

Swift said there was no air of celebration in the conversation -- the first ever by telephone between Hamdan and his legal team, which plans to travel here Tuesday from Jacksonville Naval Air Station.

`A FAIR TRIAL'

Rather, he said, there was an air of ''gratitude'' that the ``Supreme Court said whether it was a military or a civilian trial, he'd get a fair trial -- that he'd have the right to be at the trial, he'd see the evidence, and he'd have all the protections.''

U.S. military officials here would only confirm that the call took place -- but would not address how arrangements were made: for example, whether a telephone was brought to Hamdan's cell or who on the Navy base arranged, approved or monitored the call.

''Mr. Hamdan was notified of the Supreme Court's decision today by his attorney via telephone,'' Navy Cmdr. Robert Durand, director of public affairs at the prison camps, said Thursday.

Only a few of the 450 captives here have been permitted telephone calls.

The Saudi father of a U.S. aeronautical university graduate spent an hour chatting with his son from Jeddah, Saudi Arabia, earlier this year to persuade him not to boycott his first Military Commissions hearing.

Army Maj. Wade Faulkner, another military defense attorney, has so far failed to line up a call for his Algerian client, Sufyian Barhoumi, to speak to his mother following the December death of his father, an attorney in Algiers.


From:	Craig Henderson <chenderson@operamail.com>
Sent:	Saturday, July 1, 2006 12:20 PM
To:	darran_duchene@dcf.state.fl.us
Cc:	bob_holm@dcf.state.fl.us; dgermaise@wfts.com; CFBCI@hhs.gov; health@doh.state.fl.us; secretaryofstate@dos.state.fl.us; EGedalius@tampatrib.com; rflowers@stpete.org; fox13personalities@wtvt.com; Governor Jeb Bush; cfbci@hhs.gov; HHall@tampatrib.com; hkemp@wfts.com; investigates@abcactionnews.com; jbennett@stpete.org; jcallaway@wfts.com; JHill@tampatrib.com; jmatarese@wcpo.com; JStockfisch@tampatrib.com; jtalkington@wfts.com; jurofsky@wusf.org
Subject:	Fw: ATR Fraud and Forgery
Attachments:	ATR Fraud and Forgery

This email was sent to various levels of federal, state, and local government, several forms of media, elected official, and ATR representatives and vendors.  Please review the following violations:

------------------------------------------

This email is to inform the State of Florida of the fraud and forgery taking place within the ATR (Access To Recovery) Program in which I was involved at:

          New Birth Abundant Life Ministries
          3300 38th Avenue South
          Saint Petersburg, Florida 

Pastor William C. Garrison is fleecing the State of Florida via the ATR Program on several different levels through FRAUD and FORGERY in the following ways:.

1. Billing for counseling sessions which never existed (Clients working all day, yet getting counseled at 2:00pm., or client is on property, yet not counseled).
   a. Ref: Ex-Employees
      i. Patrick Banks 727 528-0827
     ii. Daryl Patterson
    iii. Dejon Moss
     iv. Cambric Lawson  :727 504-9222
   b. Ref: Current Employee
      i. Sammy Jones (ex-client/resident):  727 422-994
     ii. Larry Johnson: 727 254-2331
    iii. Eric Green:  727 329-1490

2. Pastor Garrison billing for counseling sessions which he personally did not perform especially between June 19th and June 30th.
   a. Interview Current Residents.

3. Billing for 1 hour counseling based on a casual 5 or 10 minute conversation. (Counseling times billed for are not reasonable).  You will see an employee virtually doing counseling all day (never the case) to fit into the billing.
   a. Ref:  Any counseling conducted by staff (check the forms)

4. Forging client signatures on lodging and counseling forms.  (If you check the signatures of clients at assessment against client lodging sheets, you will discover discrepancies.
   a. Ref:  Kevin D. Roberts (ex-client), 06/26/1960 – forged lodging signatures, but no paperwork / billing of him attending mandatory daily group sessions).  

5. Using client’s personal info to apply for client food stamps w/o client’s permission.

6. Keeping client food stamp cards in his wallet and depleting them monthly.
   a.	Ref: Tony Gordon:  Staff Larry Johnson (above) Cousin

7. Keeping and using client food stamp cards after they have left the program. 
   a. Ref:  Steven Lamar Caphart, Sr. (ex-client)
      i. Left program in May
     ii. Still using his card
    iii. SSN:  [REDACTED]
     iv. DOB:  November 10, 1971
      v. Phone:  727 520-4930
     vi. Father:  Eddie Caphart,  727 584-2405

8. Billing for Non-Existent Employment Coaching.
   a.  Any Billing at any time for Employment Coaching is FRAUD.
   b.  Employment Coaching program or classes does not exist.
   
9. Services provided by New Birth Abundant Life Ministries.
   a. Mandatory Religious Church on Sunday Morning.
   b. Mandatory Bible Study on Tuesday Night.
   c. A House Meeting (Clients voice complaints/concerns) Wednesday Night
   d. Mandatory 12 Step Program on Friday Night.
   e. THAT IS IT!
   i. Any other billing is FRAUD!

10. Facility does not meet city code for operations,
   a. No ventilation in toilets and kitchen
   b. No Fire Detectors.
   c. No Fire Sprinklers
   d. No Food Service Permit
   e. No Occupancy Permit for clients or the # of clients being housed
   f. No Construction permits for all the construction done and doing.
   g. No Fire Stopping
   h. Substandard in some rooms (3 – 5) and no  Heating System in others (1 and 2)
   i. Fail to meet Mix Occupancy Permit
   j. Fail to meet Handicap Requirements
   k. Many, many, more, ect...

11.  City of Saint Petersburg Code Violation Reference Number:  Ref: Number 404211

In my opinion, Pastor Garrison is all about the money does not care for clients.  As soon as ATR funding runs out, he finds some excuse to kick the clients out.  Please, just look into these violations.  This is a waste of tax payers funds and trust.

Thanks




-- 
_______________________________________________
Surf the Web in a faster, safer and easier way:
Download Opera 8 at http://www.opera.com

Powered by Outblaze
From:	Gary Collins <osk03100@mail.wvnet.edu>
Sent:	Saturday, July 1, 2006 11:55 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	fly in community?

Honorable Jeb Bush
 
Dear Governor Bush,
 
A developer has purchased land in
 
Gilmer County-WV and he wants
 
to build 85 new homes and a
 
5001 foot airstrip runway and he
 
calls this a fly in community.I would
 
like to ask your agency if you feel
 
these types communities help or
 
hurt the tax base and are they a
 
good or bad for economic development.
 
Thanking you with appreciation.
 
 
Sincerely,
 
 
Gary Collins
 
421 Charles Street
Glenville,WV 26351
Phone-304-462-4962
From:	Gayle <bestasiesta@comcast.net>
Sent:	Saturday, July 1, 2006 11:33 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	[*] motorcycle noise and helmets

Dear Governor Bush,
 
Please read the following editorial I have sent to local newspapers. Thanks so much for considering.
 
As to the recent editorials about motorcycle helmets.

 

I agree with yesterday’s editorial on the burden placed on taxpayers because of the extinct helmet law. I can’t imagine what FL lawmakers were thinking when they eliminated the helmet law in the first place. I agree it is amazing they would put this burden on the taxpayers. I would like to suggest that there is an even heavier burden the state has placed on our individual shoulders. The likelihood of running into or being run into by a motorcycle is increasing as there are more and more of these machines on our highways. If you or a family member happens to be involved in an accident where a helmet less motorcyclist is killed due to head injuries, think of the burden that places on you, your fault or not!  I don’t want to, nor should anyone have to, live with the horror and burden for the rest of my life of being at an accident scene where there was a death that could have been prevented if a helmet were worn. 

 

While lawmakers and police are listening, I have another request. While I enjoy riding myself, I do not appreciate the few riders who feel they must be seen and ‘heard’ by everyone a mile away. Please, provide adequate funding to our police departments to enforce the law regarding loud, obnoxious noise coming from this vehicle’s altered engines. I understand tampering with these engines to make them as loud as possible is “cool” to the rider. Most of us do not agree. This obnoxious behavior by a few riders is yet another burden placed on society. Noise pollution such as this causes stress and other health related problems. This is a fact. That is why laws were made and are on the books in FL to prevent this, but these laws are ignored by our police. It is time to enforce the law where all noise altered vehicles are concerned. If we can outlaw loud music coming from cars, why can’t we enforce longer standing laws regarding the much louder motor noise pollution? Why should a few riders be able to place so many burdens on all the rest of Floridians? Legislators have 3 burdens on society that they can remove by reinstituting the helmet law and enforcing and strengthening the motor noise laws. E-mail Gov Bush and your state legislators today and urge them to do so. 

 

Gayle Wardner

8630 Midnight Pass Rd

Sarasota, FL 34242

504 3926

			
 
From:	Nrlvb@aol.com
Sent:	Saturday, July 1, 2006 11:29 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	lawsuit reform bills

Dear Governor Bush,
I want to thank you for signing into law the two legal reform bills.  I appreciate your unwavering commitment to restoring fairness, balance and common sense to the Florida legal system.
 
Sincerely,
Nancy Lohuis
Vero Beach, FL
From:	maamaa@juno.com
Sent:	Saturday, July 1, 2006 11:26 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Interview Monday, listen to PointOfView.net on your computer; Author of Judge, Please Don't Strike That Gavel ...

Dear Governor Bush:
 
        Attorney Shelby Sharpe and I will be interviewed regarding my latest book, Judge, Please Don't Strike That Gavel ... On My Marriage.  He is one of four attorneys who have endorsed the book.  The interview will be aired live on the Christian radio station, Point of View on Monday, July 3 from 1-3:00 P.M. CENTRAL TIME.  It can be listened to live on the Internet:  PointOfView.net.  We hope to have CDs available.  
        Attorney Sharpe has more than 40 years of experience in litigation involving federal and state constitutional issues.  Following is a statement he wrote for the cover of the book:
 
        "No-fault Divorce is the most devastating event that has ever occurred in American history by any measurement.  This book describes those consequences and explains why all No-fault Divorce Laws should be repealed."  
 
        He states further in the book, "No-fault Divorce is the only claim recognized in the state courts of the United States where the due process clause for protecting a fundamental right, which marriage has been found to be by the United States Supreme Court, is ignored and patently disregarded."
 
        Another family law attorney who has just completed reading the book has remarked:  "Thank you for the book.  It has had a tremendous impact on me.  I will be ordering it in bulk for many of my clients."  
 
        Please be in prayer for this interview and the future potential impact it might have on families in the days ahead.
 
        The book can be ordered from the address below or on line with a credit card at the following link:
 
http://store.countrypinesprinting.com/brumbaugh_marriage.php
 
In Christ's Service,
Judith Brumbaugh, President, Founder
Restoration of the Family, Inc.
From:	William L. Thomson Jr. <wlt@obsidian-studios.com>
Sent:	Saturday, July 1, 2006 11:27 AM
To:	president@whitehouse.gov
Cc:	Governor Jeb Bush; Kravitz, Dick; Kravitz, Dick; secretaryofstate@dos.state.fl.us; letters@dailystar.com.lb; weeklymail@ahram.org.eg; inquiries@un.org; office2@hebron.org.il; mail@btselem.org; ywt@cnn.com; feedback@mfa.gov.il
Subject:	Palestine

President Bush,

	First off I voted for you twice, and I fully support just about every
thing your administration stands for and has done. However with regard
to Palestine. The US is making crucial mistakes that could effect our
positions in Iraq and Afghanistan. Here are the points summed up.

Palestinians form a democracy, and elect into power a group that the US
does not like. When the US cuts of support and denounces the Hamas
government. That sent the WRONG message to Iraqis, Afghanis, and even
Iran saw it hypocritical. Not to mention the rest of the Arab world.

Hamas is expected to rein in terror. 90% of Hamas's funds go to
non-militant civil services. Including now running the government.
However without outside aid, paychecks to police officers and etc, civil
servants where none existent. How can Hamas rein terrorist, without the
funds, personal, resources or etc, that any other country would need to
fight the same battle.

Furthermore, for many months now, Israel has not only killed innocent
Palestinians. Without any sort of reprisal or condemnation from the
international community or the US. Per all official records not a single
Israeli has been killed, or even seriously injured by the crude quassam
rockets. So from the start of this year to date, Palestinians have a
much higher civilian death toll.

Beyond the civilian deaths. Israel has recently, just a few days prior
to the Israeli soldier being kidnapped. Conducted secret commando
operations into Palestine to arrest suspected and claimed militants.

How did the Palestinians in Israeli jails get there? When is their trial
dates? What are they charged with? We have less than 1000 combatants in
jail in Cuba. Yet Israel has around 10,000 Palestinians in Jail. With a
considerable number of women and children in jail.

That the US blindly looks at the loss of one soldier on one side is not
going to win the US support in the Arab world. It will only turn more
Arabs against the US. Furthermore Israel has obviously gone way beyond
trying to recover the soldier. On the verge of regime change, and if
they succeed. There will be no government, and who will be left to fight
terrorism in Palestine?

Taking out a US insured Palestinian power plant is totally unjustified.
Yet the US sits by, and allows Israel to do such destruction effecting
hundreds of thousands of Palestinians. Much less one that the US
ultimately will have to pay for. Our economy will have to absorb the
expense with an increase in insurance premiums.

Israel needs to be condemned. The US needs to stop blocking UN actions
that the Arab states are trying to take. For the US to butt it's nose
in, defend Israel or turn a blind eye to their blatant violation of just
about every international law that exists. Going against that of all
other Arabs states is very arrogant.

Much less the Geneva convention. Israel's capture/abduction/arresting,
of Palestinians, and what happens to them afterward. Is 100% a violation
of the Geneva Accords. Not to mention them going after infrastructure,
and now arresting government officials.

This is totally unacceptable. If the US does not react soon, protests
will not only be taking place in the middle east. But here in the US as
well. Those protests will grow in numbers rapidly.

Not to mention what happens now with Palestine will set the playing
field for all future middle eastern events.

The US could amaze every Arab, by condemning Israel's actions. Providing
neutral support to both Israel and Palestine. Give the Palestinians a
fair shot at peace, and controlling their own destinies, on their own
land.

The US could send a clear signal to all other Arabs, and really effect
the avg opinion of the US. By doing what we preach, and supporting human
rights. Condemning state sponsored terrorism. Because hundreds of
thousands of Palestinians are being terrorized now by Israel. Prompted
by the actions of a few radicals, but not limited to effecting just
them. Israel's actions are terrorizing everyone living in the Gaza
strip. 1.4 million people, that is real fear. Much less a few weeks ago
with innocents being killed.

That little girls who's family were shelled on a beach. How do you think
she feels. Terrorized I assure you. Or the children at home with their
pregnant mother, when a missile flies through the wall and kills the
mother, injuring children and other family present in their home.

Or we can continue to support Israel till eventually the reveal the
liability they really are to the US. By dragging us into more wars and
major conflict, the likes of which have never been seen.

Finally Mr. President, you are a religious man. I ask you to pick up
your bible and learn about the Temple Mount. The Jewish people will one
day attempt to rebuild the Temple Mount. Destroying a holy Muslim masque
first. If the US does not change it's relations with Israel but the time
they move on rebuilding the Temple Mount.

Christians, and the US will have to make a choice. Support Jewish people
in a holy war with Muslims. Or finally change our relations with Israel.
At which time, it will most likely be to late.

Please do not let this escalate.

Mr. President, regardless of your legacy in Iraq or Afghanistan, you
could add you your legacy that you were the first president in 50 years
to finally end and resolve the Israeli-Palestinians conflict. By
bringing true peace and democracy to the middle east, which will spread.

Create a Palestinian state, an every Arab will rejoice.

I also advise someone on your staff to go back and listen to archives of
Henry Kissinger. In his recently released tape recordings. There is one
where he, as a Jewish American, clearly states that the US support of
Israel is unjustified, logically, strategically, natural resource wise,
politically, diplomatically, or etc. Israel is nothing to the US, but a
liability. One we need to reduce, minimize, or be done with. 

Future generations of Americans will not sit idly by and turn a blind
eye to Israel's actions in the Arab world. And not just against
Palestinians. Is the US paying any attention to what the Israeli's are
doing ot the Bedouins? Or other Arabs, because their actions against
Palestinians, are not limited to just Palestinian. 

-- 
Sincerely,
William L. Thomson Jr.
Obsidian-Studios, Inc.
http://www.obsidian-studios.com

From:	Cesar Moreira <cem@intewe.com>
Sent:	Saturday, July 1, 2006 11:16 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Reward program

Hello Again Gov. Bush,
 
Hope you and yours are well.
 
I am sure it has been discussed at higher levels and maybe it is being done but it seems to me that along with the 30 million reward for Bin Laden there should be also US residency or even citizenship offer for the person or persons providing the information and also their families. It also would be easy I think to get other allies behind this and offer other alternatives of residence for these people. I think they would be much less reluctant to come forward if they knew that they would be in a safe environment with their families to spend all that money. This may even be more appetizing to some than the actual money (maybe not). I think if a proper propaganda campaign is launched in Iraq and Afghanistan as well as Pakistan and other areas of concern the results will be surprising. I think that people now are thinking about the money but they are saying to themselves what good is it if I don't get to spend it with my loved ones. Reinforcing the certainty of not only getting the money but also being able to enjoy it with loved ones is a must.
 
 
I am telling you this because I know you have the contacts to get this going if considered a good idea.
 
Jut a thought
 
Best regards
Cesar Moreira
 
From:	Paul Rinaldi <pctrep@myvabb.com>
Sent:	Saturday, July 1, 2006 11:25 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	You can make a difference... Please Vote!

It is your job, it is your money and it is your future!

You need to vote in the upcoming national election.  The FAA has just bullied their contract through Congress and how we deal with it will be determined by the members of the National Executive Board.  You have a voice in deciding who that will be and in what direction our union goes.  Read all the campaign materials, get informed and ask questions about what is important to you.  This is simply not the time to sit back and allow others to make the decisions.  The FAA is working overtime to take away our rights and it is imperative that each of us utilizes the power that is still available to us.  Vote!  Make your voice heard.  Send a message to the FAA that we remain a strong, active union.

As your candidate for Executive Vice President, I am unwavering in my commitment to fight for you, for us, to protect our work environment and quality of life.  This is my job, my money and my future too.  I will be a leader who will listen to your concerns and who values your input.  I will motivate the national office to become a unified team working toward common goals.  I will work to develop aggressive legislation in response to the current hostile environment, and I will bring the legal battle to the FAA with the assistance of highly trained and dedicated labor relations professionals.  I will ensure that every dollar spent at the national level will be a legitimate, necessary and lawful one.   You can count on me to be a responsive, responsible and active advocate for our great union.

During my campaign travels I have had the honor to meet many of my NATCA brothers and sisters.  Visiting 115 facilities in 100 days has been both an exhausting and an educational experience, and it has left me even more enthusiastic about the opportunity to represent you.   We are a union of dedicated professionals and we deserve to be treated as such.  I promise that I will do my very best to make that happen.

Although the FAA would like you to believe otherwise, what you do matters.  The job you do and the vote you cast, they both are valuable and important.  Do what you can to change what you can, and please participate in the upcoming election.  I respectfully ask that you vote for me, but whatever you decide, please vote.


In Solidarity,

Paul Rinaldi
Candidate, Executive Vice President

www.Rinaldi4EVP.com



From:	Craftstone@aol.com
Sent:	Saturday, July 1, 2006 11:04 AM
To:	anna@fndfl.org; FrankconnorK@comcast.net; Governor Jeb Bush; LanJudi@aol.com; mrohrer@cfl.rr.com; Smith34711@aol.com; Tripletmomndad@aol.com
Subject:	Fwd: Family Cafe' Follow-up
Attachments:	Family Cafe' Follow-up

From:	Kathryn Campbell <Kitcam2003@aol.com>
Sent:	Saturday, July 1, 2006 11:00 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	what's the meaning of this to me as a taxpayer

Kathryn Campbell
3139 W. Findley Rd.
Avon Park, FL 33825-7911


July 1, 2006

The Honorable Jeb Bush
Governor of Florida
The Capitol, 400 S. Monroe St.
Tallahassee, FL 32399-0001


Dear Governor Bush:

I recieved an e-mail that has me upset and would like and explanation of 
this if there is one. I am forwarding this to you so you can read it and 
know I've forwarded it to as many people as I can and they will forward it 
also. I'm a 60 year old woman still working fulltime to just make it from 
week to week and this is upsetting to say the least.  starting here>  
social security...

WHY WAIT UNTIL 2008?   THERE IS AN ELECTION IN 2006.  I HEREWITH FIRMLY 
STATE THAT I WILL NOT VOTE FOR ANY POLITICIAN, REGARDLESS OF THE OTHER 
ISSUES, IF HE  or SHE DOES NOT SPONSOR AND SUPPORT THE  FOLLOWING 
LEGISLATION. THAT INCLUDES EVERYONE STANDING FOR ELECTION IN 2006. 


LET US SHOW OUR LEADERS IN WASHINGTON "PEOPLE POWER" A ND THE POWER OF THE 
INTERNET.  LET ME KNOW IF YOU ARE W ITH ME ON THIS BY FORWARDING TO 
EVERYONE IN YOUR ADDRESS BOOK. 

 




IT DOESN'T MATTER IF YOU ARE REPUBLICAN OR DEMOCRAT ! 

KEEP IT GOING!!!!


2008 Election Issue !!

GET A BILL STARTED TO PLACE ALL POLITICIANS ON SOC. SEC. 


This must be an issue in "2008" Please! Keep it going. 

---------------------------------- 

SOCIAL SECURITY: 
(This is worth reading. It is short and to the point.) 

Perhaps we are asking the wrong questions during election years.

Our Senators and Congresswomen do not pay into Social Security and, of 
course, they do not collect from it. 

You see, Social Security benefits were not suitable for   persons of their 
rare elevation in society .  They felt the  should have a special plan for 
themselves. So, many years ago they voted in their " own" benefit plan. 

In more recent years, no congressperson has felt the need to change it. 
After all, it is a great plan. 

For all practical purposes their plan works like this: 

When they retire, they continue to draw the same pay until they die. 

Except it may increase  from time to time for cost of living adjustments.. 

For example, Senator Byrd and Congressman White and their wives may expect 
to draw $7,800,000.00 (that's Seven Million, Eight-Hundred Thousand 
Dollars), with their wives drawing $275, 000.00 during the last years of 
their lives.

This is calculated on an average life span for each of those two 
Dignitaries. 

Younger Dignitaries  Who retire at an early age, will receive much more 
during the rest of their lives. 

Their cost for this excellent plan is $0.00 . NADA...ZILCH.... 

This little perk they voted for themselves is free to them. You and I pick 
up the tab for this plan . The funds for this fine retirement plan come 
directly from the General Funds; 

" OUR TAX DOLLARS AT WORK "! 

From our own Social Security Plan, which you and I pay (or have paid) 
into,     every payday until we retire (which amount is matched by our 
employer)- we can expect to get an average of $1,000 per month after 
retirement. 

Or, in other words, we would have to collect our average of $1,000 monthly 
benefits for 68 years and one (1) month to equal "Senator" Bill Bradley's 
benefits! 


Social Security could be very good if only one small change were made. 

That change would be to: 


Jerk the Golden Fleece Retirement Plan from under the Senators and 
Congressmen Put them into the Social Security plan with the rest of us 

then sit back..... 

and see how fast they would fix it! 

If enough people receive this, maybe a seed of awareness will be planted 
and maybe good changes will evolve. 

How many people CAN you send this to?


Better yet.. 


How many people WILL you send this to ?


Thank You for your time....Kathryn M. Campbell

  


  

 

 



Sincerely,


Kathryn Campbell
863-452-5359


From:	llbclb624@aim.com
Sent:	Saturday, July 1, 2006 10:40 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Good Job

Dear Governor,
 
I trust that you and your cronies in Tallahassee must be feeling pretty smug concerning the recent bills that you just signed into law. I am especially tickled that I can now take my dog to dinner and that I'll be able to read four new license plates.  However, as I read newspapers and talk and listen to people all I hear is the major problem of homeowners insurance extortion, inflated property taxes, inflated home prices, and crumbling infrastructure.  I noticed that none of these problems were addressed to the point of helping the citizens of Florida. 
 
I also seem to notice that the insurance companies who have raked us through the coals and who either have left Florida or are still in Florida (with the exception of Citizens) all make policy while homebased outside of this state. They speak through their special interest groups which it is evident hold a very strong influence over Florida politics and its elective officials. 
 
Respectfully,
 
Lloyd
  _____  

Check Out the new free AIM(R) Mail -- 2 GB of storage and industry-leading spam and email virus protection.

From:	joebourassa@peoplepc.com
Sent:	Saturday, July 1, 2006 9:52 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush; Smith, Rod; Siplin, Gary; Lawson, Alfred; Constantine,Lee; Dockery, Paula; Baker, Carey; Alexander, JD; Argenziano,Nancy; Patterson, Pat; Justice, Charlie; Greenstein, Ron; Cannon, Dean; Altman,  Thad; Clark,Donna
Subject:	: Emailing: US DEBT,  WSJ, Graph
Attachments:	US DEBT,  WSJ, Graph.jpg


 
Folks;.
 
       I thought you might like to see how you and your fellow politicians are severely handicapping our future generations while destroying Democracy.
 
      I understand that the OB RO expansion debt is a very small part of the problem,  but I am sure you understand that every little bit helps and are wanting to do what you can to help this Countries downfall.
 
  .  Keep up the good work,  in fact you should become adamant about adding that extra 2 mgd and additional storage.     Best  Regards,   Joe
From:	ratech <ratech@bigpond.com>
Sent:	Saturday, July 1, 2006 9:23 AM
To:	FLORIDA.DISASTER@dca.state.fl.us; Governor Jeb Bush; comments@whitehouse.gov; governor@govenor.ca.gov
Subject:	To Florida Disaster Inc

To Mr Inc,
 
I am writing out of sheer concern for our brother country America, after hearing the terrible discoordination which happened last time, especially in Louisiana.
 
It was enough to make one cry to think, noone thought, of a disaster plan ahead of time, and the governor, or whoever it was, the town mayor got on TV, not national television, but international television and he said loudly, something as simple as, well folks, get out of the city, and they did, they left all of a sudden leaving behind, the poor, the sick, many of whom died.
 
I feel that I am having trouble, thinking of the USA as the well ordered, happy, and selfless country, I was told it was, now only to be thoroughly overwhelmed, by the feeling, that you don't care for each other, as much as we were told.
 
Does the USA need some input from the wider world?
 
If so I will suggest some:
 
1)  If you are going to go to another country like Iraq, and accuse them of terrorism, make sure you look to your own behaviours, first.
 
2)  If you are not going to care for the sick, when they need you in an emergency, perhaps, you need to be disciplined, by a world who looked on the behaviour of those people, who cared not for their fellow man, by having us say, BAD SHOW USA.  You can do better.
 
3)  If you, who are touted, as being the epitomy of success in the USA, don't have a solitary ounce of common sense, between you, other than to say, Well people, just all rush out of town, straight away, and leave the poor and the sick to die, with no plan of action, in a region that is predisposed to disaster, then your government is no bloody good.  The governor and mayor should be sacked, yeah verily put on criminal charges of contempt for public safety, and in fact, I would say banishe from the kingdom, so that they never ever are allowed to do that again, when it is indeed their thorough responsibility to do what they are paid to do, in government.
 
And where were your fellow states, with all their strong men and help machines?  You USA ians, have everything, from tanks to planes, to cars, motor cycles, private jets, and golf courses for single individuals such as Mr Trump and his ilk, but noone of yous, turned up to help each other.
 
Perhaps the USA, should be called the Evil Empire, instead of Russia.
 
Do better America, because we were disgusted, I say, DISGUSTED, by what we saw, with the lack of help to each other, last time the disaster struck.
 
Regards from Australia
 
 
 
 
From:	Cindy Peden <cpeden@tampabay.rr.com>
Sent:	Saturday, July 1, 2006 8:29 AM
To:	donald.skelton@dot.state.fl.us; Governor Jeb Bush; Lt. Governor Toni Jennings
Subject:	RE: Hostile Motorist Confrontations on Henry Avenue

Madam:

This past week, three residents on our street have suffered serious
damage to our vehicles from a person or persons speeding through Henry
Avenue between 1:00 and 4:00 AM honking their horn and squealing tires.
Police reports have been made.  We feel this is in escalation of
violence in retaliation for our efforts to slow down speeding traffic.

Please forgive me if I have the wrong impression, but it does appear
that the desperate concerns that I express on behalf of a great many
residents, have simply been handed off back to the local officials in my
city that have failed to respond for a very long time.  

I did not chose to escalate our plea to your level for any reason than
nothing so far here in Tampa has worked!!  Residents continue to gather
in large numbers to ask the City for new traffic engineering in pace
with the growth of our area.  The offending drivers who use Henry Ave as
a cut-through know we have no traffic device, we have far too much
traffic traveling far too fast on our residential street.

Please help me get relief.  We are being threatened and cursed at in
front of our own houses.  Why should this be tolerated?  Will it take
one caring elected official or does someone have to be killed by this
unnecessary traffic and its accompanying hostility?


Cindy Peden
(813) 714-8073 Cell
 


-----Original Message-----
From: donna.mcdonald@dot.state.fl.us
[mailto:donna.mcdonald@dot.state.fl.us] On Behalf Of
donald.skelton@dot.state.fl.us
Sent: Friday, June 30, 2006 10:06 AM
To: cpeden@tampabay.rr.com
Cc: pam.iorio@tampagov.net; Olivia.Youse@dot.state.fl.us
Subject: Hostile Motorist Confrontations on Henry Avenue


Dear Mrs. Peden:

Governor Bush received your e-mail and asked me to respond concerning
traffic related problems on Henry Avenue between Nebraska Avenue and
15th
Street in the City of Tampa.  I have been asked to respond for him since
these roads lie within FDOT's District 7.  We appreciate your concerns
and
thank you for taking the time to express them.  Since Henry Avenue is
under
the jurisdiction of the City of Tampa, we are forwarding your letter to
the
City to respond to the issues you have raised.  By copy of this e-mail I
am
asking them to review the matter further and to take any actions they
deem
to be appropriate in keeping with the City's Policies and Practices that
may be applicable.

I feel sure that your issues will be addressed in a reasonable manner
and
time frame.

Sincerely,

Donald J. Skelton, P.E.
District Seven Secretary
Florida Department of Transportation


From:	Donna Boyd Korloch <oboyd@tampabay.rr.com>
Sent:	Saturday, July 1, 2006 8:29 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	On The Turnpike veto

Poor descision.  The State desperately needs transportation infrastructure.  The "taxation without representation" line does not fly.  Tourist do not share our rights.  What's next, rights for detainees?  With that said, please run for Senate.
From:	Fred Galas <fred_r_galas@hotmail.com>
Sent:	Saturday, July 1, 2006 8:18 AM
To:	cityhall@kissimmee.org
Cc:	Governor Jeb Bush; HHSTips@oig.hhs.gov; bressnerk@ci.boynton-beach.fl.us; scejas@wsvn.com; enslerb@ci.boynton-beach.fl.us; lfrankel@wpb.org; mccraym@ci.boynton-beach.fl.us; WNEWELL@co.palm-beach.fl.us; price_patton@pbpost.com; jryzenberg@wsvn.com; taylorj@ci.boynton-beach.fl.us
Subject:	City Manager fires Police Chief

Mr. Durbin,

Congratulations on your decision to terminate the Chief of Police of 
Kissimmee. I suspect if more City Managers would hold their Chief of Police 
responsible for their actions, and those of their cronies.... local 
governments would  be less corrupt.

Regards,
Fred Galas

_________________________________________________________________
Don’t just search. Find. Check out the new MSN Search! 
http://search.msn.click-url.com/go/onm00200636ave/direct/01/

From:	BobNRoe179@aol.com
Sent:	Saturday, July 1, 2006 8:07 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Relocating to Florida

Governor, 
 
   I will be retiring from the Brick, N.J. Police Department shortly.  My wife and I are looking forward to relocating to your state.  Any help you can give these two Republicans looking to escape New Jersey, in providing any listings of 55 plus "senior" communities, would help in our research greatly and speed our departure.
  If Governor Corzine happens to have a second residence in any of these developments, it won't be necessary to include that one in any listings,  you are able to provide us.
 
Thank you,
Bob & Roseann Krueger
 
 
Robert Krueger
179  19th Ave.
Brick, New jersey   08724
From:	Don Stanton <jodyn2wdkocala@earthlink.net>
Sent:	Saturday, July 1, 2006 7:22 AM
To:	Donna & Todd; Donna Ingram; Elaine; Eric & Janet Fiandt; janderson365; Governor Jeb Bush; Jessica Ingram; Jimmy Garrett; joe miller; joey32_33; Joy Lynn; Julie Hobbs; klewis; lastwaveclubpfr; Lonnie Earnest; Marci Johnson; Marie King; Martha Slemmer; Melissa Rivera; Mike  Sullivan; miller221006; nancyscharmach; nathana_robinson; news; Nora Henderson; osbletters; Pamela Finch; Patty carroll; Paul Wilde; Rawlsbros.; rebbitzensara2003; remyn_jason; rfuglaar; Rhonda; Rich Desmond; Robbie Stanton; ROMEE; Sandy carroll (pepper); Sandy Stanton; shawn.cww; stmark1839; Sue ellan McFarland; Weldon - Howard Middle School Davis; William Ruger
Subject:	Fourth of July

DONALD STANTON
jodyn2wdkocala@earthlink.net
EarthLink Revolves Around You.
 

First let me wish you all a safe weekend as we celebrate the Greatest country in the world. 

Secondly let me offer this one of the safest ways to celebrate is to give, and let me suggest you all give or get another to give a pint of blood to the blood bank of your area, This one pint and hour of your time will help as many as three people in need. MAYBE EVEN SOME OF OUR MILITARY who are protecting us.

Thirdly pray for me as I start attending my academy for DOC, it will last three months, and I can alway use a extra prayer.

and last but not least I am now a Community Representative for the "Focus on the Family Org. and I am so plesed to assit helping preserve the family  and the value system that it instills to all in it, for if the family fails, so will our way of life. A Christ centered family is the foundation of our community. Don 

From:	1lilhuey@bellsouth.net
Sent:	Saturday, July 1, 2006 6:37 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	reforms

Sir, I believe that you have made a good step with this law.    If a person gets hurt even if the offender is completely guilty of doing a terrible wrong there is no reason to break the back of the company and put, sometimes hundreds of people out of work.    Thank you for youe thoughtfullness and concern.


                                                                               Yours 
                                                                      Dean Hillebert 

From:	Patrick O'Neill PhD <patrickoneillphd@cox.net>
Sent:	Saturday, July 1, 2006 6:10 AM
To:	Charlie Christ
Cc:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	A New Strategy for Democrats vs. Ours

 
Dear Charlie,
Although I have not spoken with him verbally, I am certain that Governor Jeb Bush can attest to my intelligence and will to survive, despite my severe speech impediment and gait disturbance resulting from the van / pedestrian accident of 11.19.72 (I was the victim), three and one-half years complete paralysis, five brain operations, the mental disabilities, two types of diabetes (now in remission) and a methacrylate plate in my head.  However, I have spoken several times with his staffmembers, especially Sarah Hamilton, Elena and Erica.
Charlie, although you claim not to be gay, please consider that we are a political force with which to be reckoned. Per reference to FOX News in the eMail below, the majority of US citizens agree that homosexuality is an acceptable lifestyle.  Please lead / follow the Republican Party to victory in your campaign to be governor of Florida.
Thanking you in advance for your immediate attention to this matter,
I remain...
Patrick W. O'Neill, PhD
 
----- Original Message ----- 
From: Patrick O'Neill PhD 
To: President George W. Bush 
Cc: Chairman Ken Mehlman ; First Lady Laura Bush ; Governor Jeb Bush ; Info@GOP.com ; Log Cabin Republicans ; Vice President Dick Cheney 
Sent: Thursday, June 29, 2006 8:16 AM
Subject: A New Strategy for Democrats vs. Ours

Dear President Bush,
Per Barack Obama's recent speech, the Democratic Party is now urged to appeal to Evangelicals and other religious groups to maintain significance in politics of the USA.  However, Reverend Jerry Falwell, a loudly vocal Democrat, urges Democrats to abandon their endorsement of homosexual equality, etc.
President Bush, most (if not all) families have at least one homosexual man or woman as a member.  Without political validation, at least fifty-four percent of all US citizens approve of the homosexual lifestyle (as reported recently by FOX News, The Beltway Boys).  
To maintain viability in the US Congress and of course, to win the Presidency, the Republican Party needs to emphasize, and vocalize, its support of equality for homosexuals in all aspects of living within the USA.  
Same sex marriage is a widely-discussed topic, nowadays.  Although I do not personally agree with such, I believe that all couples should be eligible for civil unions - to protect inheritance rights, hospital visitation, legal issues, etc.  Let religious affiliations manage issues of marriage, the sacred union between God, a man and a woman for the formation of family and the procreation of children.  Marriage is a religious issue; only civil unions should be managed by the US government.
Without liberalization by conservatives in the GOP with regard to homosexuality, the Republican Party confronts extinction in politics since the majority of Americans do approve of such.
Thanking you in advance for your immediate attention to this matter,
I remain...
Patrick W. O'Neill, PhD
From:	Patrick O'Neill PhD <patrickoneillphd@cox.net>
Sent:	Saturday, July 1, 2006 6:06 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Cc:	Rod Hall
Subject:	Cutbacks to Mental Health Services

Dear Governor Bush,
Surprisingly, I must commend you for the decrease in funding to mental health services during your administration.
By doing such, you are enabling many of those with mental disabilities to lead gainful lives by seeking employment, volunteering, furthering their educations, etc., rather than being confined to Day Service programs and the like.
After all, not all people with other disabilities (such as cancer, diabetes, etc.) need such intensive therapies, consuming / concentrating on their disabilities only.
I am certain that adequate funding has been allocated for those with mental disabilities who need hospitalization, counseling, etc.
Thanking you in advance for your immediate attention to this matter,
I remain...
Patrick W. O'Neill, PhD
From:	john norton <johnnorton@boardermail.com>
Sent:	Saturday, July 1, 2006 4:38 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	S.3496 Working American Competitiveness Act

Sir,
On June 23, 2006, U.S. Senator Jim DeMint introduced tax legislation called: “Working American Competitiveness Act”.  This somewhat obscure piece of tax legislation only concerns US expatriates earning income abroad.  This Act will replace Section 911 exclusions (which include an $82,400 Foreign Earned Income Exclusion and limited Housing Exclusion) with a total exclusion of federal income taxes for US expatriates on foreign earned income.  This has been hailed by Prosperitas as “good tax policy” and the Heritage Foundation as a means to “boost America’s position in the global economy.” These conclusions are based on surveys of firms that have large numbers of expatriates working abroad; as these firms often must reimburse expatriates for US taxes paid there is a definite self-interest in promoting the passage of this Act.  In reality, it’s bad tax policy, and will provide no boost to America, global or otherwise.
There is an increasing trend to define office not as a desk in a particular place but as a lap-top plugged into an internet connection.  This allows people to run business, and salaried employees to work, wherever internet is available.  What this Act will do is allow any US taxpayer (US Citizen and Resident Alien) to plug the lap-top into any socket located abroad and declare residency in that country.  Once the taxpayer establishes Bona Fide Residency abroad, defined by principle place of work, than he or she can make as many visits or stay as long as wanted in the United States and not pay a penny of taxes, providing that the taxpayer declares that no ‘business’ was conducted in the US.  The taxpayer could be paid from American sources, into an American bank, even have the family continue to live in America, and still not pay any tax on the earned income.  A dream opportunity to avoid US taxes.
This is an example based on 2005 tax figures using standard deduction and exemption: A single taxpayer earning $500,000 of wages or business income, with a private income of $100,000, living in the US would pay federal income taxes of $188,720.  The same taxpayer residing officially abroad, after the passage of this Act, would pay federal income tax of $20,218 – a saving of $168,502.  Varying from state to state in addition to this substantial saving there might be additional savings, and considerable additional savings, by not having to pay state and local income taxes.
The passage of this tax act would be a powerful incentive for high wage earners and businessmen and women to establish Bona Fide Residence abroad, and would certainly cause a considerable dip in tax revenue.  The only economies that would receive a ‘boost’ are tax havens abroad that would readily welcome these ‘tax’ expatriates.  Far from achieving ‘a level playing field’ the passage of the Working American Competitiveness Act could very well have the distinction of being the largest legal tax avoidance scheme ever approved by Congress.
Yours Sincerely,
John Norton
Innsbruck, Austria
johnnorton@boardermail.com


-- 
_______________________________________________
Get your free email from http://www.boardermail.com
From:	WHTKNIGNT@comcast.net
Sent:	Saturday, July 1, 2006 1:44 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	 We want J.M. EVANS

Jenne's $20,000 loan was either :
 
(A)  A payoff of some kind.         or
(B)   An attempted theft of $20,000.  Until it got too hot to keep it.
 
Which type of crime is OK?
*************************************************************
We deserve better than Ken the crook. Give us J.M. EVANS, an honest man/Sheriff.
From:	Robert Perkis <robertp@icdus.com>
Sent:	Saturday, July 1, 2006 1:23 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush; comments@whitehouse.gov; jriley@legalaid.org
Subject:	[*] Florida's manufactured home owners in a vulnerable state

Florida's manufactured home owners in a vulnerable state 
   
The Associated Press 
By ANDREA FANTA 
June 30, 2006 It's just unbelievable what they're putting these people
through Leo Plenski isn't sleeping well.

The 62-year-old Pinellas County retiree has lived in the same 180-acre
mobile home park for 15 years. Recently he received a six-month
eviction notice _ his park closes in November to make way for a new
condo village.

'You got elderly people here that are really stressed out to the
gills,' he said. 'We have heart attacks here on a daily basis. Where
are you going to put these people? They're elderly, they're veterans,
they're on Social Security. I don't know what we're going to do with
them.'

Plenski is one of thousands of mobile home residents statewide who
could eventually find themselves with no place to move as parks close
because their owners can make more money selling to developers.
Combine that with hurricanes and rising insurance costs, and the
pressures on mobile home residents to find another type of housing are
immense.

'We're looking at tomorrow's homeless,' said Jami Ross, a housing
advocate with the nonprofit 1000 Friends of Florida organization. 'I
feel like we're looking at a part of history. Decades from now, the
mobile home lifestyle will have disappeared.'

One problem, housing experts say, is that information about mobile
home owners is scarce _ one researcher called it Florida's
'informational black hole.'

For example, neither state agencies nor nonprofit organizations
serving mobile home owners can even pinpoint how many manufactured
home residents live in Florida. Estimates run anywhere from nearly
532,000 to 1.2 million mobile home units. Census data from 2000 shows
that 10 percent of Floridians live in manufactured housing _ that
would put the number at about 1 million.

Housing experts mostly rely on anecdotal evidence to paint a picture
of Florida's manufactured home dwellers.

Some are snowbirds, retirees who come to Florida and sink considerable
savings into their mobile homes. Many are working poor and disabled
Floridians who can't afford to live anywhere else. Others are elderly
Floridians who live on a fixed income.

These residents face three major pressures, they say.

The first is hurricanes. Last year's storms, most notably Hurricane
Wilma, destroyed nearly 2,000 mobile homes across the state. Residents
living on fixed incomes can't afford to make repairs.

New building codes enacted in 1994 after Hurricane Andrew ensure that
today's mobile homes can withstand 100 mph winds. But nearly 858,000
manufactured home units, or 74 percent of Florida's manufactured
homes, were built pre-Andrew.

The second is insurance, which is becoming impossible to find and very
expensive, said Anthony Pinzone, who's lived on a 211-acre mobile home
park in Sarasota County for the past decade. He and his wife had to
look for another insurer when their former company pulled out of the
Florida market.

'I couldn't find any,' he said. 'It's very expensive and extremely
difficult to find. I was forced to go into Citizens,' the state's
insurer of last resort. His premiums doubled; he now pays about $600 a
year.

The third is park closings. Since 2003, nearly 70 mobile home parks
have closed, according to Florida's department of business regulation.
There are about 5,825 parks.

Those last-standing parks are going to disappear quickly if things
don't change, said Travis Moore, a lobbyist for the Alliance of Park
Residents. As the rush to find undeveloped land in Florida continues,
mobile home parks will become the last frontier.

If mobile home owners have to move, they can get up to $3,000 in
relocation assistance from the state. But not all manufactured housing
is mobile, so some evicted residents who may have paid upward of
$100,000 for stationary manufactured housing lose their investment,
Moore said.

Even if they can afford to move, there's nowhere left to go, said Dave
Bruns, Florida's AARP spokesman.

'Where are they going to go?' he said. 'People are not building more
mobile home parks.'

This is especially hard for elderly residents, Bruns said. Census data
shows about 15 percent of households headed by someone 75 years or
older live in manufactured housing. And, according to AARP, one in
five Floridians 65 years or older lives on a $960 monthly Social
Security payment. After they pay for housing, health care and
groceries, they can't afford to move, Bruns said.

Plus, they suffer psychologically, said Don Hazelton, a retired
attorney and past president of the Florida Federation of Manufactured
Home Owners.

'What they lose is people who can drive, people who'll get their
groceries for them, their medicine for them,' he said. 'They're going
to lose that camaraderie, and I think that's what bothers them the
most.'

Housing experts offers several solutions for protecting manufactured
home living in Florida.

_ Stop the blame game. 'Who's to blame?' Hazelton said. Not the
developer who's doing his job, not the city that wants to attract new
investment and not the mobile park owner who's tired and wants to
sell.

'It's the economics of the day,' he said. 'You can call the developers
greedy, you can call the park owners greedy _ that's not greed, that's
a simple business deal.' Some developers even pay displaced mobile
home owners to help them move. Don't get angry, Hazelton said _ get
creative about statewide solutions.

_ Retrofit homes. This will help bring insurance costs down, said
Nancy Stewart, a lobbyist for the Federation of Manufactured Home
Owners. She helped pass a bill this spring to provide $7.5 million for
manufactured home owners to retrofit their anchors, windows, roofs,
doors and attachments.

_ Allow flexible insurance payments. Part of this bill will also allow
some manufactured home owners to pay their insurance premiums in
installments, making it easier to cope with these costs, Stewart said.

_ Tighten rules surrounding park sales. Moore wants to modify existing
law to require park owners to notify residents every time they get an
offer for their land _ right now, they only have to disclose offers
they solicit. This will give residents more time to form a homeowners
association, match the offer and buy the park themselves, Moore said.

_ Build better cities. In the long-term, building more
transportation-friendly communities with multifamily housing for
seniors will help elderly residents transition into new living
arrangements, Bruns said.

In the meantime, Plenski will look for another home and hope he and
his neighbors have good luck, he said. For them, solutions can't come
too soon.

'It's just unbelievable what they're putting these people through,' he
said. 'There's gotta be a solution.'

End advance

Copyright 2006 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This
material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. 

Hosted by: Topix.net Publisher Platform (beta) 
Read 1 comment 

BobP
Hollywood, FL Reply » 
|Flag for Review 7 min ago 
What a load of hog wash. Park owners invite people to lease their
land. Often they sell people the home, finance the home, require
expensive additions that tie the home to the land like patio,
driveway, carport or garage, Florida room, etc. When all is paid off
they sell the park to a developer after promising they would never
sell to anyone but another park owner. 

Developers know exactly what they are doing. They are stealing
people's homes. Their only excuse, "If we didn't do it someone else
would." didn't work at Nuremberg and is just as disingenous today.

City attorney's work with developer lawyers to create false legal
opinions as to what twenty year old mobile home law (s723.083) really
means while ignoring the Florida Attorney General's opinion right in
front of them, giving city commissioners plausible denyability when
voting against the well being of their citizens for the supposed good
of the city. It is disgusting watching Florida laws written to protect
mobile home owners trashed by cities and courts so developers can make
more money.

The only honest solution would be to offer low interest no down
payment government loans for mobile home owners to buy their parks or
build low income housing for the express purpose of guaranteeing
housing to people from closing mobile home parks at the rent they were
paying and for local government workers who also can't find housing
like teachers, police, firemen, etc. 

We need to do something or people who bought and paid for housing will
have it stolen due to state ineptitude and Florida citizens will be
responsible for the crime.
From:	Nancybabycakes@aol.com
Sent:	Saturday, July 1, 2006 1:21 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Cc:	Nancybabycakes@aol.com
Subject:	our fruit, veg.other foods

what is going to become of florida ? the other states to when the mexicans are sent back? the americans want get out there and work in the fields like they do.
the oranges will rot. the watermelons will rot in the field.
yes some of them need to go back but not all of them, send this message on to who ever please.
also this crazy thing about avon park where if you don't speack english your out, thats wrong to with in one your we will not have any orange juice for our kids  no fruits and veg because it will all be rotted on the ground i am an american woman and i think its WRONG whats happening to them what about the other illegals from other countrys? why are they not being deported like the mexicans ? could you ask your brother that for all of us out here wondering this.                                    thank you sir.
From:	Appel1969@aol.com
Sent:	Saturday, July 1, 2006 12:56 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Lawsuit reform

The VERY Honorable Jeb Bush,
 
Thank you for your stand on, and signing the Lawsuit Reform Bill. It will go a long way to protect the citizenry of this great state.
 
A staunch supporter of all three Bush politicians,
 
Steve Appel
DeBary, FL
From:	Vicki Williams <Sillyvikky@Earthlink.com>
Sent:	Friday, June 30, 2006 12:46 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Cc:	Sillyvikky@Earthlink.net
Subject:	[*] 

It not so funny walking so close to the truth........  How close does one have to walk to know cheerleaders don't get paid.  They can't complain sir..........every female want's to be a cheerleader....... but us mothers can and I don't have girls.......  fair is fair......one doesn't have a right to degrade the other......they both hard.......... one put me at the truth but I's good girl......... I am telling the truth and you know it....... those women in your jail was forced to be procidutes........ pimps need to go to jail......even high up!   Pimps steal....... and degrade this world....... works for queers because they are queer...... all the way around the cult has won........ breaking thing to get used stuff.......  
From:	Fred Atkinson <fatkinson@mishmash.com>
Sent:	Saturday, July 1, 2006 12:01 AM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	Alliigator Attack

    What kind of idiots are your police to cite a woman for hunting without
a license when an alligator was attacking her pet on her property?

    In case you haven't noticed, alligators are no longer endangered species
despite what the lawbooks say.

    They have become an incredible nuisance and it doesn't appear that the
State of Florida is successfully doing anything about it.

    Also, do you have any plans to run for President?

    Regards,



                                                                        Fred
Atkinson

From:	andreaelliot1@earthlink.net
Sent:	Tuesday, March 21, 2006 5:44 PM
To:	Governor Jeb Bush
Subject:	The patois debate - JAMAICAOBSERVER.COM

Mr. Governor: This is an excellent article by a Jmaican journalist. Mr. Governor, it expresses my sentiments entirely.  Hope you have the time to read it.
Sincerely,
Andrea Elliott of Kissimmee, Florida
4 Andora Court
Kissimmee, FL 34758
 
http://www.jamaicaobserver.com/columns/html/20060317T200000-0500_100785_OBS_THE_PATOIS_DEBATE.asp
